If you look at what's driving the market
and is it a very small group of
companies, absolutely. That's very
concerning.
>> What we're seeing in the large cap space
is at least on a short-term basis, a lot
of good news is priced in.
>> Everybody at this point is functioning
of the fog of uncertainty.
>> Markets tend to dislike uncertainty in
any form.
>> There is a sneaky uber bullc case out
there lurking. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and Anmarie Hordern.
>> Good morning from New York City. For
audience worldwide, this is Bloomberg
Surveillance. This morning, alongside
Matt Miller, I'm Animeary Hordern.
Coming into Friday with stocks closing
at all-time highs, Fed Governor Chris
Waller once again calls for the Fed to
lower interest rates in September and
look through tariff impacts on
inflation.
>> Prices will go up and it'll be more
expensive. What isn't special about
tariffs? So, that's kind of where I'm
at. I'm back on team transitory.
>> We got a fresh read on prices with the
Fed's preferred inflation gauge out at
8:30 Eastern. Then at 10 a.m. in
Washington DC, a hearing is set as
Governor Lisa Cook requests a
restraining order to stay Matt at the
central bank.
>> Yeah, I I uh this Cook story is just
getting out of control in a way that,
you know, you would expect to move
markets. And yet we're seeing the
10-year hover at 420. It's just shocking
to me that the bond markets don't care
at all. I mean, there must just be so
much liquidity that it that it doesn't
make a difference.
>> Well, I think right now the market is
just basically thinking this has to play
out in the courts before they actually
start considering if this really is the
president impeding on Federal Reserve
independence. And that's why everyone's
going to be focused on the data. But
when it comes to the data,
>> did you say if this is the president
impeding on Federal Reserve
independence? As if there's a question.
Well, there is a question amongst a
number of people on what for cause
actually means. And at the end of the
day, that'll be up for the Supreme Court
to decide. But that is why the market is
focused on data. But do you have to even
worry about the inflation data today
when you just heard Fed Governor Chris
Waller double down saying we need a
September rate cut, even opening up if
the data is very weak to potentially a
jumbo rate cut, and saying the tariff
impact, look through it for now.
>> Yeah. He also said that um inflation is
hovering around the 2% target rate when
it's well over 50% above that. Like if
you owed me $100 and then I demanded
150, that would be unfair, right? I
can't believe that no one cares about
inflation above 3% and going the wrong
way.
>> That's right. They are pretty much
ignoring inflation because they're
concerned about the labor market. The
labor market report next week will be
the most important data point I think
for this month upcoming month of
September.
>> Right. But we're at 4.2%. 2%
unemployment. I'm 51 years old. I've
never seen unemployment this low. Right.
It's the lowest it's been since the 60s.
So, the labor market would have to get a
lot worse before we move out of full
employment.
>> Sounds like you are not in favor of a
rate cut. You would not be under the
president's list for potentially
becoming the Federal Reserve chair.
Coming up on the program, Matt is
joining me this morning. You could tell
it's a Friday in the summer when John
Lee are off and they let Anmir and Matt
do the show together. Brian Nick of New
Edge Wealth with stocks pulling back
after hitting all-time highs. Ed Mills
of Raymond James as Fed Governor Lisa
Cook's lawsuit heads to the courts and
former NEC deputy director Everett
Eisenstead as the US closes a trade
loophole. We begin this hour with future
softers. Investors await the latest read
on inflation. Brian Nick of New Edge
Wealth writes, "Something big and
something negative would have to come
along to knock stocks down in a
significant way, and our imagination is
running low on what that might look
like." Brian joins us now. Your
imagination is running low. Why? Because
nothing so far we've seen out of
Washington has pushed this market to
recalibrate. Is that accurate?
>> Just the tariffs in April, which were
quickly rolled back, and then have kind
of been rolled forward again, but more
in kind of a slow way that markets have
more time to digest. But you're
absolutely right. The Fed independence
issues do not seem to be affecting
markets. I think the one area where we
are seeing it show up is the steepness
of the yield curve. If you look at the
tips curve, short data tips yields are
moving down because inflation
expectations are getting higher and
expectations for rate cuts are getting
priced in. That's pretty unusual to see
those two things happening at the same
time. Meanwhile, the longer end, we've
seen rates climb higher and higher and
higher because there is this sense that
whatever doubbishness the Fed is going
to undertake now, whether it's just the
people on the FOMC becoming more
concerned about the labor market or
because the Fed is losing independence
and is become more doubbish, that we're
going to have to pay for that sometime
in the future with higher interest rates
down the road. So, that is where that we
call it zoo steepening because it's a a
bull bull market at the front and a bare
market at the back. lots of animals
involved and that's one of the things
you typically see in countries where
there's a concern about a loss of
central bank independence.
>> You also say your clients seem to be um
at least tactically accepting this
stagflationary light environment. So
what do you do in that type of
environment?
>> Stagflationary like just means that
we're not seeing a recession but we're
seeing growth fall from at trend to
below trend and we're seeing inflation
rise from too high to to much too high.
And in that trend I mean think people
remember 2022. They're traumatized by
the the dual losses in stocks and bonds,
especially risk adjusted. Bonds did much
worse that year. So, people are avoiding
duration. They're asking us questions.
Why would I want to get into the equity
market at all-time highs, very high
valuations, and we're seeing more
conversations just about how to manage
cash? How can you get some yield at the
front end? And the good news is unlike
the 2010s where you were basically
accepting zero, you can at least get
three, three and a half, sometimes four
and above depending on how much credit
risk you're you're willing to take. And
people seem to be okay with that because
the outlook for the equity market from
here for a lot of our clients is not
really that robust.
>> So, are a lot of people actually hanging
out still in cash? I mean, when I talk
to asset managers on, um, my program
Bloomberg open interest every day from
9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.
>> Oh, please.
>> Uh, yeah, asset managers, uh, wealth
managers are saying they do have trouble
pulling people out of cash still, even I
mean, I guess because of the fact that
we're at alltime highs. I would say that
most of the cash we're seeing in client
accounts right now is actually coming
out of fixed income. Their fixed income
allocations are not as robust. It's been
a tough year for municipal markets. So
if you're high net worth investor, you
you have tax sensitivity. Munis have had
a tough year because there's been so
much issuance. So they're saying, well,
instead of taking that risk, why don't I
just hold that part in cash? I can
deploy it later. We are seeing a
willingness to take on equity risk both
in the public and private markets. I
don't think there's a loss of appetite
there yet, but it's the incremental
dollars that are not maybe going into
kind of that fully invested portfolio
because we have seen everything have
such a good run this year.
>> By the way, how much room do we really
have to run higher on equities? I mean,
valuations are historically at a fairly
high level, right? Um 6,500 on the S&P
500 is an all-time high even when
Nvidia's uh forecast or outlook in a
sense was tepid disappointed uh many.
doesn't look like they're going to sell
a ton into China, at least if the
Communist Party has anything to say
about it, right? And capex is, you know,
maybe priced too high for the actual
return that you're going to get on the
AI investment.
>> Yeah. So, the S&P 500 is is usually
close to all-time highs. About 50% of
the time, we're at alltime highs or
within 5% of it. So, it's a it's a
normal kind of state of being for the
market.
>> It just goes up and to the right.
>> It got it tends to go up to the right.
And even when it's it's coming down
quickly, the recoveries in the last
couple years especially have been very
real proud. That said, our long-term
outlook for the equity market is that
the returns are going to be lower than
they have been over the prior 5 or 10
years. So investors who are used to 12
or 15% returns on the S&P 500 fueled by
things like the secular AI story. We're
looking at more like 6 to 8% as a
realistic target. That's really where
the valuation comes in. It's not going
to tell you over the balance of the year
are we going to get a correction. And
it's going to tell you over the next 5,
7, 10 years, what kind of returns can
you expect? And that's where we're
getting cautious and where we think
there's other places in the portfolio
where people should be adding money.
>> Where where else?
>> International is always a very tough
conversation. We've had a better year
this year. I think there's going to be
more uh investors who are receptive to
it after the year we've had their stock.
>> Why is it so hard? Just because we're
American.
>> Well, because of the underperformance.
Why? You know, put me in something under
historic underperformance. So, you're
telling me to put some money in
something that's underperformed almost
every year. You have to go back to 2017
before this year where you had a year
where it outperformed. But I think we're
also talking about alternatives. There's
other there's other ways. Private
infrastructure, um, private equity,
private credit still looks like it has
some some room to run. And people who
value income are going to get more bang
for their buck in that kind of
environment. But the large cap US market
itself has been the place to be. And
that's very hard to kind of get people
to pull money out of that and to
diversify.
>> When you say international, do you mean
Europe or Asia or just all of it? So
this year, China's been a huge part of
the story, especially more recently in
the summer. Earlier in the year, it was
Europe and European banks, which is not
a place that was a very popular
investment destination. So we're we're
diversify. We kind of look at it all as
kind of one big uh pot, but it is an
area where instead of looking just at
the indexes, there are areas where
people can outperform by say uh tactical
ass allocation, country allocation. So
there's more room for active management,
we think, in international than there is
in S&P 500.
>> Europe's already run pretty far, pretty
fast. I mean the DAX up 20% year to
date, the IBEX 35 up 28%
>> and with the dollar it's up even more.
>> Exactly. So, and that's my question.
Does the dollar continue to come down?
Because so much has been made about this
10% drop from the highs, but if you look
at it historically, it is still
incredibly strong.
>> It is still incredibly strong. to get
incremental weakness in the dollar from
here. I think you need to see more
interest rate cuts from the Fed than
what's priced in and probably better
economic performance and fewer rate cuts
than what's priced in in the UK, Europe,
and some of the other central banks that
have been uh cutting. That would that
could mean that the dollar in an
environment where the US macro picture
is weakening also gets weaker, which is
not typical. Usually when when growth is
weaker, the dollar tends to be the sort
of safe haven and we get a little bit of
an increase. That could be one of the
sort of special privilege aspects. the
fact that the dollar tends to be
negatively correlated to interest rates
in the economy. That is one of the
things that we could be we could be
seeing get lost.
>> Well, what if um President Trump really
is threatening Fed independence, which I
doubt anyone, you know, um disagrees
with. What if he starts to fire
statisticians because he doesn't like
the numbers, you know. Um what if we
start to run up massive massive deficits
like six, seven% and then have a debt
climb three, four, five trillion dollars
over the next 10 years? Does that weaken
the dollar?
>> It has weakened the dollar. So that's
certainly one of the reasons you saw the
dollar in the first part of the year.
The US sort of became this this loss of
a safe haven, less of an attractive
investment destination and so people are
pulling their money out. I think you're
making the point that all these things
have happened and the dollar is still
quite strong. Um, you know, I'd say that
the the incremental news for the Fed,
whether Lisa Cook retains her spot in
the FOMC or not, is that there's going
to be a rate cut in September, even the
Fed leadership that's been sort of in
opposition to Trump, or at least Trump's
been opposition to the Fed leadership,
uh, has sort of acquiesed to that. So,
in the near term, it doesn't change the
path of monetary policy. There is this
tail risk now though that we get a lot
more rate cuts next year if you start to
see that independence eroded and other
central banks that have lost that
independence rates come down
>> and still a rising long end right so
like we saw in 2024 the Fed funds rate
goes down and the long end uh yield
continues to rise
>> so I'd say where we're definitely seeing
this is the the long end is higher than
it would be without all of these other
risks right if you took away tariffs you
took away concerns about Fed
independence BLS independence I think
you would see and you're seeing it the
term premium has been rising. The 10
year would be closer to like 3 and a
half%. Wouldn't be wouldn't be that low
like it was in 2021, but we're probably
paying, you know, 75 to 100 basis points
right now for general risk around the
the the long-term fiscal monetary
outlook in the United States.
>> What is so ironic is actually that's
where the Treasury Secretary and the
president want to see. They would love
to see a 10-year under 4%.
>> And the concern is that loss of vet
independence doesn't just mean you're
cutting rates at the short end. It means
you could be monetizing the debt. other
central banks that have done this. The
central bank has gone out and bought
actively bought and the US did this
during World War II. We were buying all
of the Treasury issuance during this
period where we had a huge expansion in
debt and that kept the 10-year Treasury
at 2 and a half% throughout that entire
period and only as the Fed kind of
pulled back from that practice did you
see your interest rates rise in the 50s
and 60s.
>> Really smart. Thank you so much, Brian,
for joining us this morning. Brian Nick
of New Edge Wealth. We thank him. Let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
we're watching. Here's your Bloomberg
brief with Lizzie Bergen. Hey, Lizzie.
>> Hey, Marie. I'll pick up where you left
off with Brian there. Fed Governor Lisa
Cook heading to court this morning to
try and keep her job. Cook says that
President Trump's using a phony pretext
that doesn't amount to sufficient cause
to fire her. Cook's lawyers suggested an
unintentional clerical error may have
been behind the mortgage dispute at the
center of the clash between her and the
president. Elsewhere, Russian President
Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modia are set to meet in China
with President Xiinping on Sunday. The
two-day summit will focus on the ongoing
wars in Gaza and Ukraine. The meeting
coming as US India relations are in flux
after President Trump imposed 50%
tariffs on New Delhi over its continued
buying of Russian oil. And PopMart's new
mini Laboo dolls have sold out across
China. The new dolls went on sale at 10
p.m. local time and all available
inventory was gone before some people
could even load the page fully. The
dolls are expected to be in stock at
PopMart's brick and mortar stores on
Friday. And I'm sure Jonathan will be
front of the queue. Dr. Blberry,
>> thanks so much, Lizzie. Jonathan, no.
But something new I just learned this
morning. Matt Miller is a boooo fan.
>> Well, I mean, my kids, uh, Edna loves
these Loos. And when we were in Italy
last month, she saw one at one of those
trinket stores. I bought it right away
and then figured out that it was a fake.
So,
>> but it was only like €20.
>> Okay. All right. Oh, sounds like a lot
though for a fake still. All right, up
next in the program, back to some
serious news. Trump verse Cook.
>> You had a uh these mortgage receipts uh
very clearly shown to the president and
he has the cause that he needs to fire
this individual. We'll continue to fight
this battle.
>> Ed Mills of Raymond James joins us next.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. futures this morning a
little bit softer. But of course, this
is after the S&P 500 yesterday closed at
a fresh all-time high. So, we're going
into this PCE report, the Fed's
preferred inflation gauge with futures
just a little bit softer. Your 10-year
yield this morning up almost two basis
points, 4.22%.
Under surveillance this morning, Trump
verse Cook.
Mr. PY has deferred those allegations
over to the Department of Justice to
investigate them. Uh what I will say is
that you had a uh these mortgage
receipts uh very clearly shown to the
president and he has the cause that he
needs to fire this individual. He laid
it out in the letter that he provided to
her and to the public as well. And so
we'll continue to fight this battle.
Here's the latest. A hearing is set for
10 a.m. Eastern this morning on Fed
Governor Lisa Cook's bid to keep her job
while her fight with President Trump
plays out. Cook's lawyers say an
unintentional quote clerical error may
be to blame for the mortgage dispute
over which Trump wants her fired.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now.
Good morning, Tyler. What's the latest?
>> Yeah. Hey, and Marie, good morning.
Well, as you mentioned, Lisa Cook
officially filed this lawsuit
challenging President Trump's attempts
to oust her as a Federal Reserve
governor. And as part of this, she also
filed what's known as a temporary
restraining order. And that's what we're
going to be really focused on today.
This would allow Cook to keep her seat,
potentially even vote in that September
meeting. While the broader issue of her
firing plays out in court. That hearing
is set for today at 10 a.m. Eastern. And
Cook's broader lawsuit though argues
that President Trump violated a federal
law that does allow him to remove to
remove a Fed governor, but only for
cause. That's section 10 of the Federal
Reserve Act of 1913. And Cook says that
this does not constitute cause. The
problem with cause, and we're going to
be talking a lot about this over the
next few days, is that it's not
explicitly defined, though historically
has meant uh to mean malfeasants or a
neglect of duties related to the job.
And if you ask the Trump administration,
they point to these allegations of
mortgage fraud. You had the White House
press secretary yesterday, both to
reporters and also in a written
statement to double down on this idea
that President Trump was within his
lawful authority. However, Cook's
lawyers say that this does not rise to
that level of cause. And we should also
say that at this point, these are only
allegations. No criminal charges have
been brought. As you mentioned at the
top there, we got perhaps a preview of
the defense that we could expect from
Cook's lawyers. They say these
allegations are not true, but that if
there were any errors, perhaps this
could be related to a clerical error and
that Cook had no intent to deceive
anyone and that also there was no harm
done. That is a legal standard known as
materiality. And Amory and Matt, I bring
that up because we are expecting intent
and also harm to be two of those factors
that the judge weighs in this case.
>> Tyler, thanks so much for that.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall in Washington.
Let's continue this conversation with
Raymond James, Washington policy analyst
Ed Mills. Ed, thanks so much for joining
us this morning. I want to pick up on
one point Tyler talked about for cause.
If this goes up to the Supreme Court,
how do you think they will look to
define that term?
>> It's a great question and I think that
there is the question about the for
cause and also the question about is the
Federal Reserve somewhat separate uh
something of a distinct entity. Um,
Justice Roberts has already said that it
is. Um, I also think when we're looking
at this for cause, uh, because there has
not yet been an indictment, there has
not necessarily been a finding of the
courts, uh, when is it up to the
president to be the judge and jury in
the case and when is it up to the
traditional legal system to be judge and
jury in this case? I do think that there
are major questions that are being
raised about Dr. Lisa Cook. Uh, but it
is a due process that is afforded to her
uh, before I think a lot of those issues
are settled here, Amarie. Um, so I think
that uh President Trump uh has had a
number of wins in the courts removing
individuals. I think he just has a much
higher bar here because it is the uh
governor of a Federal Reserve system
that the Supreme Court has already said
is different in their eyes.
>> I wonder about the timing here, Ed,
because um I don't doubt that she can
get an injunction to keep her in her
seat by the time um September 17th comes
around. and she probably would vote for
a cut anyway. So, that's not going to
bother the Trump administration as she
leans dovish. But, uh, February is a
much more important date because, um,
the governors are going to have to
confirm the regional presidents and
that's when the Trump administration
would probably like to have a stacked
board. Do you think the Supreme Court
can give the president what he wants
before then? Yeah, Matt, you're making
some really important points here
because it is uh when I look at the
judge that this court has this case has
been assigned to. Uh it is someone that
Biden put on uh the DC federal court
here. Um she has already struck down
previous u executive actions by
President Trump. It's fairly reasonable
to assume that this temporary
restraining order uh probably goes in
favor of Dr. Cook because of that. Um,
but you know, as you mentioned, I think
it is also important to highlight that
the monetary policy tilt of Dr. Cook
versus what President Trump wants are
are more aligned uh than you would
think. So, you're asking yourself, what
is this about? Is it because he wants to
have a 52 majority uh once Jay Powell
steps down? Does he want that 43
majority as soon as um kind of later
this year? Assuming that Mirren is
confirmed, he already has Waller and
Bowman from his first term. This here is
that majority. Uh the supre the Federal
Reserve on years that end in one or six
have to kind of codify what goes on in
the regional Fed system. And so does he
want to fundamentally alter kind of the
way in which the Federal Reserve works
with the regional uh Fed presidents and
how the FOMC is constituted? If that's
really the question here, Matt, that's a
bigger question. And I think that's
where the market so far hasn't really
been disrupted by this event, but could
get really disrupted if they think that
this fed, you know, the Federal Reserve
is fundamentally being altered in the
way in which they set monetary policy.
>> And I wonder if Republicans care at all.
I mean, uh, when you talk to people on
the Hill, when you talk to Republicans
on the Hill, are they concerned about
Fed independence? because any economist
will tell you that um a country with an
independent uh monetary policy will do
better over the long run than a country
without one.
>> Yeah. So I think they are, but I don't
know if they want to have a fight with
Donald Trump. Uh one thing that I've
highlighted for clients at Raymond James
for years now is that the Federal
Reserve, well, we're not under the
illusion that they're completely
independent. We're not under the
illusion that they're not uh influenced
by politics, but it is the one area when
you go back to Trump 1.0, when you look
at what happened uh during Biden, where
their own party has said no to some of
the selections of the president. During
Trump's first term, there was a number
of governors that he has supported that
did not get confirmed. You go to Biden.
Sarah Bloomaskin, she was put up as vice
chair for supervision. She was not
confirmed. There has been a belief in
Congress and especially in the Senate
that the Fed is kind of the whole
ballgame. If we lose confidence in the
Fed, that's a destructive influence on
our economy and our markets. And so they
haven't been willing to go there. But
because there is this kind of question
about did Dr. Cook do something wrong?
Uh President Trump has been putting up
most of his nominees that have gotten
confirmed. They haven't necessarily been
willing to step back and push back
against him. But if there was a major
market reaction related to this, they
would. If not, and if it's a traditional
nominee that would replace her and
there's a court decision, they would go
along uh with that replacement.
>> Ed, what about Steve Meyer? We have the
Senate coming back next week. Do you
think he will be expeditiously confirmed
to then be at the Fed meeting in
September?
>> Yeah, Amory, in in DC, we have two
modes. It's uh glacial or overnight. So,
we're going to go into the overnight
mode with uh uh Marin's confirmation.
The Senate Banking Committee has already
set the nomination hearing for next
week. I'd expect uh probably a week
after that that he is on the board. This
is a nomination that only goes until uh
January 31st of next year. He's already
gone through the Senate confirmation
process. I think that's part of the
reason why he was selected. Uh so all
the paperwork has been done. Um all
every Republican senator has already
voted in favor of him. Uh this is as
quick as you get um for those factors.
They want him in and he will be in by
that September rate decision.
>> Ed, thanks so much for your time this
morning. Have a lovely Labor Day
weekend. And Mills of Raven Raymond
James. I know that speed especially.
It's really really slow in Washington DC
until it happens almost immediately
overnight. They stay up till 3 4:00 in
the morning. They have to get something
done.
>> Yeah. I mean they definitely put in the
work when they need to. Um and uh they
do they go home and do their campaigning
when they need to. They do what needs to
be done. Um I there's this there's this
feeling that they do nothing, right?
Because we have things like uh
government shutdowns. But when that
happens, they want that to happen.
>> That's actually something that's a good
point you bring up because that's
actually something that's going to be a
huge fight in the next few weeks. We
actually might have a government
shutdown likely potentially a continuing
resolution will keep them aboard. All
right. Coming up on the program, Heath
Terry of City Research on why the market
may be underestimating AI. Plus, Lizzie
Burden with your morning movers as Ulta
raises its fullyear forecast up more
than 3% this morning. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. John and Lee are off
today. I'm Annay Hordern alongside Matt
Miller. We are off a fresh all-time high
yesterday on the close. We were north of
6,500 on the S&P this morning. Matt,
we're just pulling back slightly.
Probably the market is just treading
water ahead of all important PCE data.
Of course, that is the inflation gauge
the Fed looks at 8:30 Eastern. And then
at 10:00 a.m. Eastern, potentially
another risk for the market. This court
is going to be hearing this potential
injunction when it comes to Lisa Cook.
10-year yield not really caring about
that.
>> I was going to say that's not a risk. Um
because this has shown it does not care
about Fed independence for now. And I
think everyone expects Lisa Cook to get
an injunction and then the Supreme Court
later to allow the president to fire
her. But to me, the interesting thing is
that um in Nvidia was down yesterday and
still we climbed to a new record high.
So, for one thing, you're seeing
continued rotation, right? If you do RRG
on the S&P on the Bloomberg, you can see
that rotation. The other thing that's
interesting is uh Jonathan Leven wrote a
Bloomberg opinion piece yesterday
pointing out that stocks like Walmart
and Costco have incredibly high
valuations and they may be a bigger risk
than Nvidia. If you look at Costco's
forward PE, it's more than 50 and
Nvidia's forward PE is only 40. So, it's
really interesting that the market's
willing to give these premiums to some
of these uh traditional businesses.
Yeah, certainly a lot of premiums all
baked in at the moment and we haven't
even gotten that Fed recut which the
market continuously just fakes in. Chris
Waller overnight once again calling for
the Fed to cut 25 basis points Matt and
then saying basically if the labor
report is so bad he even consider a
jumbo rate cut.
>> Yeah. He said um to him inflation is
right around 2% even though it's at
three right which is 50% higher and that
he uh is back on team transitory. That's
a direct quote right which was so widely
mocked during the pandemic.
>> Air quotes team transitory. What
basically he's just saying is you don't
consider sales tax we don't consider
sales tax at the Fed to be inflationary.
we're not going to consider this what he
believes is a one-time price adjustment
when it comes to tariffs to be an
inflationary spiral.
>> Right? But if sales tax had previously
been 2% and then um we quadrupled it or
quintupled it um that might be or
sexupled it right from 2% to 15 like
that's a big jump for the American uh
consumer to handle
>> right and we're seeing that in some of
the individual movers today like
Caterpillar. Let's get more on those
individual morning movers before the
market open. Lizzie Burton has those for
you. Hey, Lizzy.
>> Hey, Amarie. Let's start with the
winners, shall we? We kick off in San
Diego with Petco. And those shares are
currently up 15% in the pre-market. More
than that, after it issued third quarter
guidance that beat expectations and it
nudged up its 2026 outlook. The company,
of course, as you know, in the middle of
a turnaround under the CEO Joel
Anderson. The efforts focused on
revamping stores and closing
underperforming locations and you got
the shares down around 15% so far this
year. Compare that with the 24% rise for
its rival Chewy. So nice to get a bit of
upside for the stock this morning. Next
up we turn to Ultra Beauty, the beauty
store chain of course up almost 4% in
the pre-market. It's also issued a raise
and a beat even as it's warned about a
potential pullback from consumers.
interesting given the demand for
cosmetics has held up so far this year
despite the economic uncertainty the
lipstick effect perhaps and finally to
the losers Marll down nearly 15% in the
pre-market its results nothing to marvel
at data center revenue missing estimates
and the revenue outlook below
expectations our analysts pointing out
Amarie just how disappointing that is
given the strength of AI demand given
the capex spend from the hyperscalers
and actually a downgrade Now from BA and
Marie, back to you.
>> Thanks so much, Lizzie Bur. And on our
radar this morning, a federal judge in
Washington is set to hear Fed Governor
Lisa Cook's lawsuit against President
Trump later this morning. The suit would
block Trump from firing her. The legal
battle is seen as likely to end up being
decided by the Supreme Court. And Matt,
this is where I think things will get
interesting. First off, unprecedented.
So Supreme Court decision is going to be
incredibly important. They're going to
be the ones that have to really define
what for cause means. I keep going back
to what the Supreme Court said in May in
one um opinion which is the fact that
like the Fed uh institutions like the
Fed are quasi private entities. Will
they do that this time around? Are they
going to give the president more leeway
in really defining what for cause means?
I thought um yesterday you had a great
guest on from Wolf Research who pointed
out that this Supreme Court is going to
be loathed to try and tell the president
what they think for cause means because
they want him to be able to interpret
that. They've given him um at least 2/3
maybe 3/4 of the cases that have come
before them uh so far this year and
they're likely to give him this as well.
But it does look like Lisa Cook is going
to get an injunction because this judge
seems to be more friendly to
>> and you brought up a great point. That
means if she gets an injunction, she
will likely be able to continue her job
and she'll show up at the Fed meeting in
September. And as you point out, she's a
dove and she's likely going to line up
on doing something the president has
been calling for since he became
president in second term.
>> We, by the way, we have a great function
on the Bloomberg terminal. FDSP go will
show you it's a Fed spectrometer and
it'll show you where each voting member
and non- voting members fall on uh the
scale of hawk to dove.
>> Awesome. Elsewhere this morning, German
Chancellor Frederick Mur saying a
meeting between Vladimir Putin and
Voteir Zalinski is unlikely to happen.
This update contradicts earlier
statements from the US the two leaders
had agreed to meet. This story just
continues to grind. I was in the o uh
the cabinet meeting this week with the
president and his cabinet ministers and
he was questioned about this because
Sergey Lavough, the Russian foreign
minister also said there's really no
plans right now. The president's kind of
just saying they'll meet. He keeps
saying they'll meet, but he's giving
Vladimir Putin a lot of time here. So, I
think you have to start thinking about
if he cannot get these two to the table,
is he going to double down on the things
like sanctions?
>> It it doesn't seem likely. he hasn't
historically uh challenged Vladimir
Putin um too much. Now, I think he's
right when he uh voices concern that
Putin is stringing him along. It does
look like that's happening, but no one
knows better than you. You've spent time
um with Vladimir Putin. You've spent
time with the president. You've spent
time covering the oil market. And I
think that is really what this is about
more than almost anything Well, I think
what's interesting is that the Europeans
are considering secondary ter uh
sanctions on other countries that are
importing goods. We saw the president do
that when it comes to India. The 50%
tariff rate on India went into effect
this week. Speaking of tariffs, Matt, as
of today, the US has closed a tariff
exemption that dates back to the 1930s
that allowed for duty-free imports of
goods valued at $800 or less. The change
is expected to result in more than $23
billion in additional customs revenues
and fees over a decade. So, this is the
so-called dimminimus. And basically,
they're closing this loophole. So, you
can no longer just accept $100 t-shirt,
a $15 t-shirt from Sheen or Teimu, and
you're going to have to pay the tariffs
on this.
>> Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't want to
participate in the fast fashion industry
because I mean, it's horrible for the
labor that makes those things. But I've
ordered a couple of Arai helmets, one
from Japan and one from the UK that are
$600 or $700 a piece and I'm afraid I'm
going to get hit with that tax when they
come in.
>> I believe it depends on when they were
shipped. So you potentially might net
might not get hit with that tax. But
when it comes to those fast fashion
retailers, this is why when it closed to
comes to closing the diminish loop
dimminimous loophole, there's actually
bipartisan support. We actually saw work
happening towards this during the Biden
administration because this is really
this gateway for some of these Chinese
companies to just inject cheap goods
into the US market.
>> Yeah, I don't disagree.
>> All right, we're going to turn to tech
now. Heath Terry, head of technology and
communications at City Research says,
quote, "First, AI analyst on Wall Street
believes AI revenue will surge to $780
billion in 2030 from $43 billion this
year." Heath joins us now for more.
Heath, that's a massive jump. And if you
think that's where it's going to go, is
this market underpriced?
>> Look, that's that's a the way we look at
it. I mean, you know, we are in the very
early stages of this AI cycle and and
really we think sort of posed for an
inflection ahead of us. Um, a lot of
things that sort of matter to driving
growth are are about to clear in in
growth's favor. the bottlenecks that
we've seen in capacity constraints, the
um uh model development advances that
we're seeing particularly around agentic
AI and then of course you know the
biggest of of those being what we think
uh could be called AI squared the idea
that AI on its own can start programming
AI.
>> So you know I wonder Heath your take on
what happens in China because Nvidia um
at first didn't give us a forecast for
the third quarter. they had nothing in
the second quarter and then the CFO came
out and said maybe 2 to 5 billion but
she's not really sure about the
president's deal to get a 15% take of
everything they sell there and to me it
just seems like the Chinese Communist
Party is willing to do a whole lot to
make sure its companies don't buy our
chips anyway. So what's your take on
that whole story?
>> Look, I I think you're seeing that kind
of mindset from every country. um China
uh certainly the countries in the Middle
East um you know major countries in in
Europe and the US of course everyone
feels like AI is an important enough
technology that you cannot just s sec s
sec s sec s sec s sec s sec s sec s sec
s sec s sec succeeded it to uh to sort
of the global winners which you know in
other cycles have always been American
and I think uh you know the mistakes of
the internet era for a lot of companies
on a country basis or a lot of countries
on a on a on a company basis of allowing
uh the US companies to come in and sort
of be their own local champions uh is
something that no one really wants to
make in AI. Now that's a really hard
thing to actually enforce for for most
countries. China can obviously do it.
They actually did it very successfully
in the internet era. I mean there are no
bigger internet companies outside of the
US than those that are in China. And I
think they want to make sure that they
do the same thing when it comes to uh
when it comes to AI. I noticed also
yesterday that um an analyst from
e-arketer said we have to see returns on
these investments and soon and the
threat is that these big hyperscalers
who are spending 40% of Nvidia's uh um
uh revenue and forgive me that I'm heavy
on Nvidia but they just came out with
earnings so it's occupying my mind um
that these these big hyperscalers may
pull back on the margin in terms of
capex if they don't start to see return
soon on the applications on the AI
applications that they're powering. What
do you think about that?
>> Look, I I don't think there's any chance
of that, right? I mean, we we go back a
year ago and you had the the CEOs of
Alphabet, Meta, um, uh, Microsoft all
get on their earnings calls and say some
version of the risk of overinvesting
investing is far less than the risk of
underinvesting in this space. And then
we fast forward a year later and they've
all said, you know what, even though we
believed that, we actually
underinvested. and capacity constraints
are still there. Microsoft in particular
called that out on their most recent
earnings. And so you don't see that kind
of demand outstripping supply if the
returns aren't there. And there have
been a a range of studies. MIT had
theirs which I think most people sort of
misunderstood or didn't get past the
headline. Um IDC has had one that said
that you know CFO or CIOS are getting
you 3.7x for every dollar they put into
AI. So there's a lot of work being done
around this. We obviously did a lot of
work around this in theund page 20page
report that we published earlier this
week and the the returns and admittedly
they're early returns but the early
returns show that this stuff is working
at the enterprise level.
>> Heath something that Jonathan has been
bringing up a lot when it comes to the
AI story. I'd love to get your take on
is do we have the power the electricity
needed to run this industry and
especially given the outlook you have in
your research. Yeah, look, this is
something we we we cover a lot. The the
the team at city that uh covers the
industrial space and the energy space
has spent a lot of lot of time on this.
And look, there are going to be
bottlenecks. But here's the, you know,
for lack of a better term, kind of the
sad reality of of this is that when
there are shortages, when there are
bottlenecks, capacity and supply moves
to the highest value usage. They move to
the highest bidder, for lack of a better
term, and that's going to be AI. And so,
yeah, there going to be shortages. there
going to be bottlenecks. But if you um
if you're in AI and you're building a
you know $20 billion data center, you're
far more likely to get the equipment you
need, the power you need than the person
who's next further down that down that
line on that list. And so there will be
bottlenecks, but I don't think you're
going to see them in AI and I don't
think that they're going to be the
things that sort of slow development
here.
>> Heath, thanks so much for your time this
morning. Heath Terry of City Research
want to get you an update now on stories
we're watching elsewhere. Here's your
Bloomberg brief with Lizzie Burton. Hey,
Lizzie.
>> Hey, Amarie. European leaders have
referred Iran to the UN to re-up
sanctions against the country after Iran
failed to comply with demands over
international inspections of its nuclear
program. Iran has threatened to leave
the nuclear non-prololiferation treaty
if UN sanctions are resumed. Elsewhere,
Caterpillar shares are trading lower in
the pre-market after the firm warned
that the US tariffs will squeeze margins
more than expected. The company now sees
a hit of up to $600 million this quarter
and as much as $1.8 billion next year.
Caterpillar said that its fullear profit
margin will land near the bottom of its
target range. And the CDC has a new
acting director after President Trump
fired longtime government scientist
Susan Manares. She'll be replaced by
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s current deputy
Jim O'Neal. The move comes as a key
advisory committee is expected to issue
new recommendations on immunizations.
Kennedy recently reshaped that
committee, adding several vaccine
skeptics. That should be my brief. I'm
Marie
>> Lizzie. Thanks so much. Up next, new
duties taking effect. The dimminimous
rules, just as a bit of a reminder, $800
is what the US has said. You don't have
to previously have to go through customs
duties, but that accounts for about four
uh million packages each day. Former NEC
Deputy Director Everett Eisenstat joins
us next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance. Good.
[Music]
Good morning. Equity futures this Friday
morning a little bit softer as we head
into the allimp important PCE inflation
data coming out at 8:30 Eastern time.
We'll have full coverage of that right
here on Bloomberg Surveillance. But of
course, all of this with a grain of salt
because yesterday the S&P 500 had a
fresh all-time high. Under surveillance
this morning, new duties taking effect
today. the Dominous rules, just as a bit
of a reminder, $800 is what the US has
said, but you don't have to previously
have to go through customs duties, but
that accounts for about four uh million
packages each day. So, a lot of these
businesses will never have had to go
through a customs process. So, it is
likely to introduce quite a bit of
friction. Any sort of change in both the
friction in terms of the time of
processing, but also the additional cost
can really mean the success or or really
pivoting of those businesses going
forward. Here's the latest. President
Trump is bringing an end to the
dimminimous exemption which allowed
merchandise shipped to the United States
valid at $800 or less to be tariff-free.
Everett Eisenstat, the former NEC deputy
director, writing, "A number of
countries, including Mexico and the
European Union, are suspending postal
package shipments to the United States.
This is a significant change for online
shoppers and retailers." Everett joins
us now. Everett, thank you so much for
joining us this morning. I feel like
politically this was a long time coming
having covered the Biden administration
and the Trump administration, but how
big of a deal is this going to be when
it comes to trade with the United
States?
>> Well, this this is going to be a big
deal. As you noted, this has been coming
for a long time. There's been some
concern over the use of dimminimus and
that it been uh used to circumvent US
customs laws and to bring in illicit
products. There's all kinds of debate
around this. There was all kinds of
debate about how to manage the program.
Ultimately, President Trump said, "Look,
we're not going to do that. We're just
going to stop this program and we're
going to put in place to collect these
duties." A lot of companies and
consumers have become reliant upon this
process. They've been able to order
products from overseas, bring them in
with very little u duties and fairly
rapidly. And that's going to end today.
And I think you're going to see a lot of
households are going to be surprised at
both the costs and the complexity
involved in getting their products from
overseas.
>> Well, we have one of those individuals
sitting around the table this morning.
Matt was just telling us how he has two
helmets coming from Japan, I think one
from the European Union, that he might
get hit with this tax cuz they were just
under $800. Given that's the case, do
you think there's going to be a lot of
push back and potentially we could see
this administration I'm not trying to be
cute here, but taco?
>> I don't think so. Not on this one. this
one. There was bipartisan support for
revising the minimus for many many
years. And um I actually had the honor
of of working on this statute when I was
on Capitol Hill as a chief trade
counsel. So I recall why we made the
modifications at that time. The idea was
to relieve, you know, the customs
service of the burden of enforcing small
packages, bringing them up to do some
more uh complex um um enforcement
mechanisms. And um there was a
trade-off, right? We didn't to do that
the the shippers had to meet certain
criteria. The packages had to meet
certain criteria.
It's was doing very very well as you
noted many many packages have come in
but the frustration over the program has
been long brewing and bipartisan
particularly as it related to China
which has been terminated quite some
time ago but now it is global and
there's a lot of companies and customers
and even foreign postal services out
there struggling with well how are we
going to implement this? What does this
mean? Who's going to collect the duties?
what is the duty going to be? And the
helmet uh analogy you made is is just
one example of many many stories I
suspect we're going to be hearing over
the next several weeks.
>> Well, we've been talking about the fast
fashion industry which is notoriously
bad for the environment and horrible for
the labor. Um you know that creates
those products. That's why this has I
think bipartisan support as Amry was
saying earlier. But are you worried that
postal systems are going to be um
experiencing real disruption here? Are
we going to see some uh trade uh issues
in terms of shipping because of this?
>> No doubt. I'm conf quite confident of
that. I mean, when you make a change of
this magnitude, it's global. Um it's
going to take some time to sift it out.
It's going to take shifting resources
around the world to come into uh
compliance with these these new um
requirements. So yeah, it's going to be
burdensome. It's going to take some
time. That doesn't mean it won't work,
but it's going to take time. You can't
make a change like this overnight and
expect everything to continue to move
just as smoothly as it is. And your
example on these u fashion shipments is
exactly uh one of the cases in point
where you have an industry that was
built up around this concept that really
I'm not even sure is able going to uh
will be able to resolve itself and
survive as it did in this new
environment. So, it's it's a pretty it's
a pretty important change and one that's
going to filter through through
pocketbooks and companies for quite some
time.
>> Everett, I want to uh transition to
autos here because you have a fantastic
resume for that. You worked for
President Trump at the NEC and then you
worked for General Motors um which makes
you know some of my favorite gas
engines, a 6.2 L naturally aspirated V8
as well as some of the best EVs out
there. The EV Sierra is an incredible
truck. What do you think about um the
cancellation of EV tax credits uh from
the big beautiful bill? Because clearly
these automakers have had to invest
billions in making EVs and electric is
going to be the powertrain of the
future. So what happens when we turn off
that um incentive?
>> It's it's so huge. And you know that's
just one part of that greater complexity
when it comes to electric vehicles. It's
not just the tax incentive. It's what
are the what are the emission standards?
What are the fleet requirements? Um
there's all kinds of different reasons
that a company will choose to produce an
EV over say ICE or internal combustible
engine. So the tax credit's meaningful.
It's important. It's not determinative,
but some of the other elements are. And
so the president's also modifying the
mile per gallon emission uh rates. He's
looking at changing some other things.
So, it's really giving mixed signals to
the industry. And for industries that
that thrive on uh long-term
predictability, massive capital
investments, looking at time frames, you
know, three, five, six, seven years out,
this is really really difficult to plan
in this environment. And you made a
really good point. Uh the EVs around the
world are uh surging. They're primarily
because China is subsidizing the
industry and pushing out a lot of
product that they cannot get into the
United States. But the EV is going to
become the dominant vehicle in the
future. And the United States has got
some work to do to catch up to that.
>> We also have we also have ever problems
when it comes to tariffs because we're
giving a 15% flat rate to Toyota and
Honda out of Japan and uh General Motors
and Hyundai in South Korea. But Ford has
to pay big taxes on aluminum, big taxes
on imported parts, big taxes on Chinese
magnets to the point where it costs more
to produce those vehicles in Dearborn
than it does in Seoul. Does that make
sense to you? How do they solve that?
>> You know, that's an anomaly. We're going
to have to see how that's resolved. But
it I I doubt there was anybody who
planned that out and said that's exactly
how we want this to land. I think some
of these pieces are moving um at
different paces at different times and
sometimes bring them all together into
kind of a coherent package is very very
difficult. Um it is it is going to be
tough to produce in the United States
but at the same time the US market is
really the only market around the world
where car companies can sell their
vehicles profitably.
You know there's a lot of things we can
do to to make the system here more
efficient. There's a lot of things we
can do to help our domestic uh
manufacturers. Uh but we need to take
those into account.
>> Former NEC Deputy Director Everett
Eisenat. Matt, I was waiting for you to
bring up cars. Took you 50 minutes into
the 6 a.m. We're back with another
Bloomberg surveillance next.
Inflation is very very important to the
market. The inflationary backdrop for
the US right now is anywhere near as
egregious as some commentators would
say.
>> I am more worried that the rise in
inflation caused by the pass through of
the tariffs. It could be end up being
more persistent.
>> I expect a Fed that will be constantly
data driven and may have to pause to
recalibrate where the economy is moving.
Ultimately, we are going to have to see
the data. I'm going to be very data
dependent.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
Anmarie Hordern
>> from New York City. For audience
worldwide, good morning. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance today. I'm Amar
Hordern alongside Matt Miller. John and
Lisa are off. You can get a sense it is
a summer Friday, especially a Friday
before the Labor Day long weekend.
Doesn't mean we don't have an important
Friday ahead of you. 8:30 Eastern,
that's where we're going to get the
allimportant PCE inflation gauge. Of
course, this is what the Fed looks at.
And then at 10:00, Matt, we're going to
get this hearing on Governor Lisa Cook.
So, when it comes to what is going on
between data and also personnel and
policy, it is all happening today in
terms of Washington DC. First up though,
when it comes to the inflation gauge at
8:30, do we even need to care? Governor
Chris Waller yesterday basically said
that he's on T team and he put in air
quotes transitory when it comes to the
tariff impact on inflation
>> right because we're expecting to get PCE
core PC at 2.9%. Now to him that's two
um because he sees it as transitory
right uh and he is already invested in
cuts he may even see uh need for a jumbo
cut depending on what happens with the
labor market but I think the University
of Michigan data could be interesting in
that we get inflation expectations that
people on the Fed really consider
important I know it's
>> important it was Governor Waller who
basically felt like wrote Powell's
speech at Jackson Hole who sat around
this table and said that thing, that
survey because it is highly politicized.
>> Uh yeah, but they break it down so you
can see what Republican expectations are
and Democratic expectations are. And for
a long time they were going in opposite
directions, but now they've started to
come back to you see what I'm doing
here. You seen stop here?
>> Let's go into what Governor Waller said
cuz I think you brought up a good point.
Opening the door potentially for a jumbo
rate cut. I don't believe that a cut of
larger than 25 basis points is needed in
September. That view, of course, could
change if the employment report for
August, which is due out a week from
today, points to a substantially
weakening economy and inflation remains
well contained. If we get a big downside
on the labor market report, do you think
that puts 50 on the table?
>> Uh, well, I'm not sure about that
because we're not yet pricing in a full
um uh a full cut right now. I think if
you look at the WRP function on the
Bloomberg, it's only about 85%. Even
when we did get those downward
revisions, which were horrible and
showed over the last 3 months only
35,000 jobs were added each month on
average, we still didn't get up to a
full 50, but it definitely pushes us in
that direction.
>> Let's take a look where markets are this
morning. No drama as Jonathan would say.
We are a little bit softer on futures,
but of course this comes as yesterday a
fresh all-time high. 6,500 yesterday on
the S&P 500. 10-year yield up almost two
basis points, 4.22%. Matt, you've been
bringing up this back to this point,
which I think is really important. If
individuals in the market really
concerned about Fed independence,
wouldn't this yield be much higher, and
that story is going to come into focus
today at 10:00?
>> Yeah, I think um there must be some
there must be some technical answer to
why we haven't seen yields rise higher.
You guys had Ga Gpenov on yesterday and
she was saying, well, everyone must have
faith in Fed independence. That must be
what it is. But I'm not sure everyone
does have faith. So maybe it's a
liquidity story.
>> I think people are just waiting for the
courts to decide and that's going to be
a process. Coming up on this program,
Katie Kaminsky of Alpha Simplex as
stocks slip ahead of key inflation data.
Krishna Guha of Evercore with the future
of Fed independence hanging in the
balance. And Gene Monster of Deep Water
Asset Management on the AI race. We
begin this hour with stocks drifting
lower. Head of core PCE data. Katie
Kaminsky of Alpha Simplex Group writing,
quote, "Equity market sentiment has been
drifting more positive as we seem to
have passed peak tariff uncertainty. The
potential for Fed rate cuts has also
boosted equity market trends." And Katie
joins us now. Katie, it feels like
there's a lot of risk potentially still
in this market, but markets keep
grinding higher. Another fresh all-time
high yesterday. Why? What's behind this?
Well, I think the truth is the markets
have been steady as you go this month.
And as I noted that the uncertainty is
just not, you know, moving the markets
around as much as we saw before. In
general, things have been drifting more
positive. I think the rate cut
possibility has really boosted the
market this month. And you're also
seeing positive moves across a much
broader set of equities, which is also
encouraging. We also see good news out
of Asia and some positive news that kind
of continues to be a good drift into the
end of the summer, I would say.
>> Katie, I want to ask you about AI, about
Nvidia, about chips, because you studied
electrical engineering, uh, because you
have your PhD in operations research at
MA at MIT. What do you think about
Nvidia, especially in light of the fact
that the Chinese Communist Party seems
to want its companies to buy no more
chips um from the US producer? And
considering their earnings report
yesterday, the outlook didn't seem that
great.
This is a good point. I was actually
kind of surprised because the market
seemed to shrug off some of the not as
good news for Nvidia. I think it's some
of it may be sort of overall optimism
for the space but you are right there
are uh headwinds against Nvidia
particularly China which is such a big
part of that marketplace. So I think you
know truthfully we don't know enough yet
to understand really how those dynamics
will play out and trade wars have also
made that much more complicated much
more um unclear but it's true that
there's a buzz and the direction for AI
has been uh continually strong. So I
think you know the market still thinks
that we'll sort this out and that you
know these are sort of the stocks that
we need to hold going forward. Um I
think the broadening of the market this
month helped a little bit because if you
think about how concentrated we are in
that theme, it is a risk factor for most
investors. You know, I was I was lying
in bed last night thinking about the
all-time high that we hit on the S&P.
Um, and the fact that Nvidia was down,
right? A $4.3 trillion company that's
worth like 10% of the index is down. And
so I got up and I logged on to Bloomberg
and put in the RRG function, relative
rotation graph on the S&P. And I see
that consumer discretionary is coming
up. And you are seeing a rotation out of
like these mag seven or grade eight
companies into the rest of the 493. Does
that continue?
>> I think so. I mean a lot of that
narrative really comes from the rate uh
cut expectations and I think that is
really where that's a sector anything
outside of the top seven has really
struggled for quite some time. I think
the biggest data point for me is taking
a look at how well the Russell 2000 has
done this month versus the NASDAQ and
that's quite a spread possibly up to 5%.
So you're really seeing you know this
pivot and rotation and that's a positive
sentiment for US domestic econ you know
equities. Um so I think that could be
something that could provide some breath
when we have a lot of focus on AI and a
lot of focus on tech. Are you surprised
about that rotation given the fact that
we now for the most part have final
tariff rates and that's going to hit
some of these companies in a big way?
>> Yeah, that's that is actually the thing
that I'm the most concerned about and I
think the dimminimous news today and
sort of thinking about that a lot of
factors are inflationary right now. So
eventually this is going to hit a large
number of companies. we have seen some
indications in the fixed income markets
where you know you're seeing short
pressure on long-term bonds and really
kind of weak signals. So to me that's
one of the first places you'll start to
see some potential uh you know putting
your view in the market. If you think
inflation is a problem then you stay
away from long-term bonds. So I think
that's the market I'm following first as
a potential indicator for where that
eventual stress may come. Do you think
long-term bonds are concerned about
inflationary pressures or about Fed
independence?
>> I think both. That's a good question
because Fed independence definitely
affects the inflation narrative as well
because with a less independent Fed,
maybe long-term implications are less in
focus. And frankly, with lots of
different aspects of the trade policy
being inflationary in nature, you're
eventually going to see that in
long-term cash flows. And I think we'll
continue to follow those long-term
yields. They have actually gone up more
this year than short-term yields. And I
think that's a place where people
naturally go to, you know, express their
view on inflation. So I think we'll have
to watch those and see how they develop,
especially if we get a big rate cut at
some point later this year. That could
really spur a potential trend.
>> You uh have noted that September is bad.
Another great function on the Bloomberg
terminal, SE Ago GO. If you look at
seasonality, um over the last 30 years,
September is the absolute worst month
for stocks. Do you think traders and
investors take this um take this into uh
consideration when they're when they're
trading stocks?
>> I mean, I think they definitely do. I
think one of the challenges is, and we
see that in our space, August tends to
be a tricky month for trends, for
example, and that hasn't been the case.
So, I think there's always exceptions. I
think this year is particularly notable
because we've had the quiet period.
We're coming out of the recent Jackson
Hole summit and basically September is a
time where I think people reassess the
data and they say, "Wait a minute, how
do we put this together to get into the
end of the year?" So, it is possible we
could see some correction of this very
positive risk sentiment that we've seen.
>> When they reassess the data and we look
towards September, do you even paying
attention to the CPI print given what
Governor Waller said last night?
>> Um, I would definitely say I'm still
paying a lot of attention to it because
a shock in that will still matter a lot.
But I do think we're seeing more and
more evidence that the the Fed is
shifting towards lower rates. What I'm
more concerned about is how extreme that
is. And if it's much more aggressive,
that's what could actually spawn a much
bigger spike in inflation. So, I do
think that you still watch it. But, you
know, obviously this this narrative has
made that particular number much more
difficult to to read and understand what
that means, what that's going to how
that's going to move the markets. I
mean,
>> Katie, thanks so much for your time this
morning and happy Labor Day weekend to
you. I hope you enjoyed the long
weekend. Katie Kaminsky of Alpha Simplex
Group. We're going into Matt. It's a
long Labor Day weekend, but there's a
lot of data that you have to get through
today as well as this overhang of what
is going on between this fight between
Governor Lisa Cook and the White House.
>> Yeah. And you probably don't want to be
holding risk assets into this long
weekend, especially as we're coming up
uh to September. When we were talking to
Nick at the very top of the show, um he
pointed out that equity markets
typically rise. Right up and to the
right is the trend. And if you look at
the seasonality, only three months over
the last 30 years have averaged losses
and September is the worst one, down
8/10 of 1%.
>> I'm looking at it right now. Thanks so
much for sending me that function. Matt
Miller with the functions this morning.
We're getting you update on stories
elsewhere. Here's your Bloomberg brief
with Lizzie Burton. Hey Lizzie.
>> Hey Amarie. Federal Housing Finance
Agency Director Bill Py has filed a
second criminal referral against Fed
Governor Lisa Cook. The new referral
relates to a property in Massachusetts
following a complaint alleging that Cook
fraudulently listed homes in Michigan
and Georgia as her primary residence
when she obtained mortgages in 2021.
Elsewhere, Brazilian President Lula
plans to hit back on Trump's 50%
tariffs. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that Brazil is starting the
process to retaliate against the
tariffs. Brazil's government has 30 days
to assess a potential response. And
Yanik SA has continued his strong start
at the US Open with another straight set
win. Women's number two seed eager
struggled a bit but battled back to
advance to round three. And the singles
title hopeful American Cocoa Goth won in
the second round setting up a potential
showdown with Naomi Osaka. And that
should be my brief and Marie
>> Lizzie. Thank you so much. US Open Fever
right now in New York. You actually
missed last night to come join me this
morning. My my boys, my dogs invited me
and they had actually front row seats,
but I said no.
>> You're comm you're committed to
>> I'm doing surveillance with Amory
Porter.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Well, hopefully you can get
to go before the US Open ends. Up next
in the program, a battle over sufficient
cause.
>> You had a uh these mortgage receipts uh
very clearly shown to the president and
he has the cause that he needs to fire
this individual. will continue to fight
this battle. What does for cause mean?
Krishna Guha of Evercore joins us next.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. We are waiting for of
course this morning that all important
PCE report. The Fed's preferred
inflation gauge forecast to show
excluding food and energy rose 2.9% in
July from a year ago. Fastest pace in 5
months. But get what? Guess what?
Governor Christopher Waller says he
thinks inflation right now or the tariff
impact on inflation is quote transitory.
So you have to ask does a hotter thanex
expected PCE take a rate cut really off
the table when it comes to September.
Under surveillance this morning we'll be
debating that all morning. But under
surveillance this morning another debate
a battle over quote sufficient cause.
Mr. PY has deferred those allegations
over to the Department of Justice to
investigate them. What I will say is
that you had a uh these mortgage
receipts uh very clearly shown to the
president and he has the cause that he
needs to fire this individual. He laid
it out in the letter that he provided to
her and to the public as well. And so
we'll continue to fight this battle.
Here's the latest. A hearing is
scheduled for 10 a.m. Eastern this
morning on Fed Governor Lisa Cook's bid
to keep serving while her battle with
President Trump plays out. Cook and her
lawyers argue an unintentional clerical
error may be to blame for the mortgage
dispute at the center of her dispute
with the president of the United States.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now.
Good morning, Tyler. So, what should we
expect at 10 a.m.?
>> Yeah. Hey, Emry. Well, there is a lot to
dig in to dig into, but the first matter
of business is going to be the fact that
Cook is seeking something known as a
temporary restraining order. That would
allow her to be reinstated into her
seat, potentially vote at that September
meeting, while the broader issue of her
firing plays out in court. And Cook's
lawyers argue that if she's not able to
be reinstated during this time, it would
cause irreparable harm not just to Cook,
but to the Federal Reserve as an
institution as they head into their next
rate cut meeting. Now, importantly here,
Cook's lawyers are arguing that
President Trump violated section 10 of
the Federal Reserve Act, which allows
him to fire a Fed official if there is
sufficient cause. And I bring up cause
because this is going to be uh this one
issue item that we pay very close
attention to as this plays out in the
coming days. Cook's lawyers say that
there is not sufficient cause here, but
as you mentioned, they did offer a
potential defense yesterday when they
filed these court documents, saying that
these allegations of mortgage fraud are
not true. But if there are any errors,
perhaps it was a clerical error and that
Cook did not intend to deceive anyone
and that she did not cause any harm. I
bring up intent and harm because those
are two factors that the judge is
expected to weigh. and Marie and Matt.
If you ask the White House, they are
doubling down on their pressure campaign
against Lisa Cook saying that this is
well within President Trump's right to
fire her.
>> Tyler, thank you so much. And of course,
you'll be there the entire morning
outside the court. That expected to
happen at 10:00 a.m. Let's continue the
conversation. Krishna Guha, Evacore ISI
vice chair and head of central bank
strategy joins us now for more. Krishna,
thanks so much for joining us this
morning. Do you have an understanding of
how the court will define for cause in
this case?
So, I'm not an attorney. I'm an
economist. And so, I certainly don't
want to uh mislead your viewers by
offering uh legal expertise here that I
don't have. Uh what I will say of course
is that the for cause protection and the
idea that this establishes a high
standard uh before a president can
consider removing a fed official is
central to our understanding of how
central bank independence operates in
the US. So there's a lot at stake in
this litigation. Krishna, you're head of
central bank strategy at Evercore ISA as
well as vice chairman. And um then I
wonder what you think about inflation.
Uh we're looking for PCE to come in at
2.9%.
We had core CPI at 3.1%. We had core PPI
at 3.7% and yet Chris Waller says it's
close enough to two. Do you agree?
I think what's important here is that
the inflation that we really care about
is the second round inflation. It's the
risk of inflation persistence. And no
one as a matter of theory or practice
thinks that the central bank should be
directly responding to the first round
effect of tariffs like a tax
mechanically on prices. The issue is
what pressure does that if any impart to
underlying inflation dynamics? That's
the second round question. And so I'm
less focused on the individual months
inflation pass through from tariffs.
That's the first round mechanical stuff.
Than I am in trying to assess what the
risks are of inflation persistence and
balancing those against the risks to the
labor market. I actually think the
conditions likely have been met for an
initial cautious step down towards a
more neutral rate. But I also think that
the Fed should be very careful about
signaling what follows from here and
making it clear that it'll take the time
it needs to assess the incoming data and
judge whether for instance by December
the case for another cut has or hasn't
been met.
>> What if the Fed didn't Krishna take the
time it needs? What if the Fed um wasn't
as thorough? What if the Fed was stacked
with Trump appointees who just wanted to
do the president's bidding? Um would you
buy then 10-year treasuries? I mean,
does 420 make sense to you?
>> So, I am concerned about the outlook for
central bank independence and I'm
concerned about the Cook affair in that
context. Uh obviously if the president
is able to push Governor Cook out then
that accelerates the time frame over
which his nominees uh may acquire a
majority on the Fed board. Unless as you
know that then raises questions as to
whether uh we might see an unprecedented
effort to deny certain Reserve Bank
presidents renewal uh again without
cause. but also that the move against
Cook based on allegations that have not
yet been charged or proven in court or
established by any kind of quasi
judicial process essentially weakens the
protections that future fed governors by
the way including the people who
President Trump puts in place uh will
have in the event that they have to make
decisions in the future that this or a
future president doesn't like. So this
this does uh absolutely all bear then on
how you think about the outlook for
policy and what may happen to bond
yields. Uh I personally feel that the
market is likely underpriced uh for the
risk that we could see a more uh more of
a break in Fed institutional practice
and potentially the conduct of monetary
policy over the next year or so uh as
the Fed board transitions and as the
administration attempts to acquire uh
more authority over who gets to
determine uh when full cause conditions
have been met.
>> Bill Dudley and La Brainer agree with
you. We spoke to both of them this week
in terms of the market reaction. What
kind of I guess yield should we see say
on the 10-year if the market was really
taking into account that this could be
more of an erosion of Fed independence?
So I think what you see at the moment is
that the bond market is not really quite
sure how to interpret first of all uh
the the actions relating to Cook. Um and
secondly that the market is wary of
shorting bonds aggressively in an
environment in which per Governor Waller
yesterday we could discover soon that
the last three payroll months were
negative. Right. once they're once all
the revisions are in these are not
necessarily the macroeconomic conditions
in which uh you would want to ramp
yields but I would say that if and we're
still dealing in a probabilistic and
uncertain environment but if uh we were
to get further confirmation over time
that the Fed is losing independence and
if this resulted as historically
generally it has in a central bank
becoming more structurally doubbish then
I do think at some point uh you would
likely see a substantial response in the
bond market. The issue of course is when
and under what circumstances would that
happen. I think it's hard to predict and
certainly hard to say with any
confidence that that adverse bond market
reaction would come immediately.
>> Krishna really smart stuff. Thank you so
much for joining us this morning.
Krishna Guha of Evercore ISI and he
brings up a good point Matt. There's
really two different things the market
has to focus on. one is these
allegations and that needs to play out
in its own due process and then of
course this question of whether or not
the Oval Office is exerting way too much
pressure on the Fed. Right. Well, I
think the Supreme Court is going to say
that the president um because he was
elected to run the country is going to
be allowed to decide um what cause means
in terms of the allegations. I mean, is
that really going to play out? Well, it
likely potentially will if there's an
investigation. That's something um we're
going to have to watch.
>> What the penalty is for that kind of
>> the intent the intent is going to be
very important. Coming up on the
program, Marget Brandt of Premier Estate
Properties on concerns of a wealth
flight from New York City. Plus, Lizzie
Burden with your morning movers,
including Caterpillar. Look at the stock
this morning of a larger thanex expected
tariff hit down 3%. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. It definitely is a Friday
morning with Matt Miller and myself uh
with John and Lisa off today. Markets
this morning very much just softer a
touch because yesterday Matt, we had of
course an all-time high 6,500 on the S&P
500. bond market really, as you've been
saying, shrugging off any concern there
is in terms of Fed independence. We're
looking at a 4.22%
on the 10-year yield.
>> Yeah. Also interesting you don't see uh
more weakness in the euro considering
what's going on in France right now. Um
I thought the market would be more
concerned, but I guess the dollar
weakening at the same time puts them uh
in the same situation.
>> Two hours away from the cash open where
we want to get you some morning movers
this morning with Lizzie Burton. Hey
Lizzie.
Hey Amarie, let's start with the losers
this time, shall we? We go to
Caterpillar. Those shares down about 3%
in the pre-market. This after the
company warned that it's expecting a
tariff impact of up to 1.8 billion this
year, higher than it had guided earlier
this month. And of course, it's
important because this is one of the
world's biggest makers of machinery for
mining and construction. So, it could
have knock-on effects for those
industries. Next up, we turn to Ultra
Beauty. Up more than 3% in the
pre-market. The beauty store chain
issuing a raise and a beat even as it's
warned of a potential pullback from
customers and that's interesting given
that the demand for cosmetics has really
held up so far this year despite the
economic uncertainty. So maybe the
cracks starting to show there. Finally,
Alibabar its US listed shares up nearly
3% more than 3% now in the pre-market.
The Hong Kong listing though had dropped
into the red. But American traders
focused on its reported surge in revenue
from China's AI boom even if it saw a
drop in profit because of its aggressive
competition with the likes of JD and the
e-commerce space. But also interesting
to note, Anmarie, the Wall Street
Journal writing that it's uh planning to
create its own AI chip to try to help
China fill the Nvidia void. So we'll
keep an eye on that. Amry, back to you.
>> Thanks so much, Lizzie. At last story,
Matt, incredibly important front page of
the Wall Street Journal this morning,
Alibaba creating this AI chip to fill
the Nvidia void. Yeah, this comes back
to the question that even if the US
government is going to allow even the
highest level chips into the Chinese
market, will China want their firms to
keep buying Nvidia or do they want them
to get addicted to their own hometown
heroes and their own technology? Yeah, I
think the Chinese Communist Party has on
on a couple of different occasions given
a signal that it does not want companies
in China buying Nvidia's H20 chips. Um,
and the interesting thing is, you know,
historically China has had no problem
just stealing IP from other
manufacturers, international
manufacturers, and making clones of uh
that technology. And I don't see why
they wouldn't do it this time. Um, it's
going to be expensive. is going to take
a lot of uh a lead time, but it's
definitely going to happen.
>> Well, that's been the whole concern on
why they've put export controls on a
number of these Nvidia chips. On our
radar this morning, what else we're
watching? A federal judge set to hear
Fed Governor Lisa Cook's bid to
temporarily block President Trump's from
firing her. Cook's lawyers are
suggesting a quote clerical error is
behind the mortgage dispute that has
Trump pushing for her dismissal. So,
this is going to happen at 10 a.m. time.
Likely, many people expect there to be
an injunction. likely that means she can
continue working and Matt to your point
that means she will get a vote in
September at the Fed meeting,
>> right? And I think her vote is going to
please the president. So it's
>> it's in a sense it's ironic um if I'm
using that term correctly uh that that
the president is going after a dove,
right? I mean and and also if they
decide to stack the board of governors
and take out some presidents, they'll go
after Goulsby first and he's a dove as
well. So
>> yeah. So, it's looking very dovish at
least for 2026. I guess that's the take.
What really is going to be the question
for this case is what constitutes for
cause. I keep going back to the Supreme
Court said in May, the Fed is a private
semi-private quasi private entity.
They're inoculated from any political
pressure. Does that stand? Because and
you look at what the Federal Reserve
Act, it doesn't really define what for
cause means,
>> right? And no. And it's completely
unprecedented. And this is why um I
think after watching Bloomberg
surveillance uh every morning that the
Supreme Court is going to defer to
President Trump on this issue. They have
done that in so many cases this year and
I can't imagine why they wouldn't in
this case as well. Say that the
president is the one who gets to decide
what for cause means and he knows a
thing or two about falsifying business
records
>> and mortgages. He's a debt guy. Um,
elsewhere in Washington DC, the CDC has
a new acting director after President
Trump fired former head Susan Monores.
She'll be replaced by Robert F. Kennedy
Jr.'s current deputy Jim O'Neal. The
White House saying Monz was fired
because she was not aligned with Trump's
agenda. And around the world, Russian
leader Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi are set to meet
in China with President Xi Jinping
Sunday. The summit comes as US India
relations are in flux after President
Trump imposed 50% tariffs over New
Delhi's buying of Russian oil. And this
has really sparked a huge debate
especially in India. Recently we had on
Bloomberg TV Peter Navaro and he
actually called the war in Ukraine quote
Mod's war because of how much crude
India has made off of this war. They're
bringing in Russian cheap crude. They're
refining it and basically selling it
back to places Russia used to sell to
like the European Union. And what we've
seen though with this trade fight is
Modi leaning in more to the bricks and
even Xiinping sending a secretive letter
to Modi saying maybe we should start
relaunching of bilateral ties. So I
think the summit's going to be really
interesting.
>> I mean this is your wheelhouse, right?
The oil patch um Putin and I mean I
might call it miracles war. I think it's
so fascinating that the EU has financed
Moscow to such an extent and did nothing
when um Putin moved to annex Crimea and
continued to buy refined oil products
from countries like India despite the
sanctions that they put on.
>> Not only that, I mean China of course is
the biggest player here when it comes to
imports of Russian crude, but Europe is
also still directly buying from Russia.
It's interesting you call you say that
about Angala Merkel because that was
Trump's big fight in 1.0. He was
vehemently against Nordstream 2 and his
whole point of NATO. Why are we paying
into something if you were going to
continue the purchase of Russian crude?
No, I was I was in Berlin and his energy
secretary Dan Berett made a number of
trips to try and convince the Germans to
buy um LNG from the US instead of
funneling money directly to Moscow and
they refused time and time again.
>> Trump won. They called it freedom
molecules. That was the branding of
trying to get more LNG into Europe. All
right, we're going to take a different
turn today. Turning to real estate.
Political uncertainty in New York is
pushing a number of wealthy New Yorkers
to Florida. New York Governor Kathy
Hokll even saying, quote, "I don't want
to lose any more people to Palm Beach.
We've lost enough." When she was asked
about raising taxes, taxes, the
migration driving up demand for homes in
West Palm Beach. Joining us now is
someone that knows a lot about that is
Margaret Brandt, real estate adviser of
Premier Estate Properties. Thank you so
much for joining us. You're in New York.
Um, so this is exciting.
>> You have seen this financial migration.
Can you explain to us what's different
now because we really saw a lot of this
under co.
>> Of course. Um, first of all, thanks for
having me. Um, I'm a New Yorker. I grew
up here and I think what's different
this time is we're seeing a lot of
organic momentum. Um, you know, first it
was with the 2017, you know, tax
implications in New York followed by
COVID and then after COVID, we sort of
saw this change where people were
opening their businesses in Palm Beach
and it was sort of like um, you know,
Wall Street South and from 2022 to 2024
and now in 2025, Mumani kind of seems
as, you know, the likely you know,
winner of the New York City mayoral race
kind of seems to be spurring uh, further
interest specifically in the summer,
which is typically a slower time for us.
um you know in July and August, but
we're seeing some
>> Palm Beachers are coming up here
>> of course. Yeah. But just you know we're
definitely seeing some tailwinds from
this New York City mayoral race.
>> So when it comes to Palm Beach
specifically and those New Yorkers
coming down, are they still keeping a
foothold in New York or are people
really selling everything in New York
and fully relocating to Florida? So
what's different now as opposed to even
like five or six years ago is um you
know there's been billions of dollars I
mean Steve Ross the king of New York is
now you know throwing billions of
dollars into schools into condos um and
so we sort of have the infrastructure
into schools we have the infrastructure
now to accommodate full-time moves so to
answer your question I what what I'm
seeing is that a lot of the big hedge
funds are moving their businesses to
Palm Beach they're establishing
residency they're establishing Florida
for tax purposes as well. And they're
moving their people there because we
have it's really sort of become this
mini Miami in in downtown West Palm. So,
it's a place of productivity and not a
place where people go to retire. We have
a very good um a friend and client who
runs a major hedge fund and he pulled
his people and 30% of them were open to
a move to Palm Beach or Miami. So, I
think that's an interesting statistic
that 30% were open to making the move to
Florida. It's interesting you bring up
West Palm because I feel like through
the years I've seen just every time I go
down there, there is a new construction
site that has big-time businesses. So,
are prices going up? Are people being
priced out?
>> I I think that's uh false. But what I
will say is that I look at Palm Beach as
either a lifeboat or a hedge, right? And
as in terms of a lifeboat, you don't
want to wait till the ship is sinking
until you come and and reach out for
help. And then in terms of a hedge, I
mean, you guys, it's not rocket science.
you follow stocks all day here, right?
And um everyone always says, "Oh, the
prices couldn't go up further or that
there will be a crash. There will be
something where the prices stop." But if
you look from 2017, you know, to co to
the, you know, businesses moving down
there, this Mum Donny thing is just
another spur. So, I think that the proof
is kind of in the pudding and where the
prices have h have been going. Um and
the pricing remains strong because we're
a small island. If you look at Palm
Beach Island and Manalapan, it's a very
small piece. We're not Miami. Miami is
big and spread out, but Palm Beach
specifically is very small. I
>> I kind of wonder strong.
>> I kind of wonder about the social uh
aspect. Last time I was down there was
pre uh President Trump, so it was just
like the Breakers and the Bath and
Tennis Club. But
>> yes,
>> now that all of my friends from the
Upper East Side have moved down, like
Bill Bouquet is open up down there, Lou
is open up down there. So, you've got
all these sort of Manhattan social
staples.
that have moved to Palm Beach. What what
else do you see down there?
>> I I mean Palm Beach is really happening.
I mean, all the New York City stuff, all
the, you know, exercise classes, Sweet
Green, like downtown West Palm is kind
of what Tribeca was 10 years ago, you
know what I mean? So, it's very similar.
And I think um we're seeing Hotel
Vanettas, they're opening up. So,
they're the same owners of Hotel Duk.
We're seeing a lot of fun restaurants
and it's a scene. It's a scene. And it's
a lot of fun. It's no longer your
retirement place, I'll tell you that.
>> Well, Matt brought up the president. I
went down there one weekend and with him
part of the press pool and I will say
Palm Beach residents definitely get
annoyed by the road closures that
happened with the pres with President
Trump and but it does feel like at the
same time he's almost like the hometown
hero.
>> Do you find Palm Beach to be Republican
or is it a bipartisan city? Is it this
place that only the GOP?
>> Are there any Democrats? Good question.
>> I mean here's what I think. I think that
because there's such a New York City
connection to Palm Beach specifically,
it is mixed. It's I wouldn't say that
it's exclusively red because there's a
lot of New Yorkers and New York is
mixed, right? So, there's blue and
there's red. However, President Trump is
most certainly I would say like an
influencer. He's probably the biggest
influencer and there are a lot of people
that want to be close to him, whether
it's personal family, friends, whether
it's people that admire him politically.
Before the election, um, we there we saw
sort of a Trump bump in the estate
section, which is that area surrounding
Marago. Before the election, there was
probably six properties that had sat on
the market for 6 months or more. Right
after the election, there all six of
them went within a short period of time.
We were involved in all of them, I
think. Um,
>> proximity to power, meaning
>> Yeah. Proximity to power. So, I mean, we
we base our, you know, you have to look
at facts and what actually happened is
he did create kind of a boom and that's
trickled in even past the election and
now we're sitting here in August and
there's definitely um uh it it probably
leans red but there is blue.
>> Good to know Brandt, thank you so much
for sharing some of that insight with us
this morning. Marge Brandt of Premier
Estate Properties. Let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere watching
this morning. Here's your Bloomberg
brief with Lizzie Burton.
>> Hey, I'm Marie. The Federal Reserve
Governor Christopher Waller expects the
central bank to cut rates by a quarter
point at its meeting next month. Waller
said that with underlying inflation
close to 2%, market-based measures of
longerterm inflation expectations firmly
anchored, and the chances of an
undesirable weakening the labor market.
He anticipates additional cuts over the
next 3 to 6 months. And elsewhere, Nike
is planning another round of layoffs as
part of its efforts to get back to
growth. According to an internal memo
seen by Bloomberg, Nike said, quote,
"The moves we're making are about
setting ourselves up to win and create
the next great chapter for Nike. The
cuts will impact less than 1% of Nike's
corporate staff." And finally, former
MLB Allstar Mark Terara is running for
the US Congress. The three-time all-star
who won the 2009 World Series with the
New York Yankees announced that he's
going to seek the Republican nomination
in Texas's 21st congressional district.
The 45-year-old is aiming to succeed.
Representative Chip Roy, who's running
for Texas Attorney General Brief, I'm
Marie.
>> What do you think of that, Matt?
Baseball player.
>> Wait, is Texas Attorney General is that
>> Ken Paxton?
>> Ken Paxton. Yeah.
>> So, he but he did mortgage fraud, too.
Is that the allegation? Reports are that
he has three homes listed as his primary
residence and he's also renting some out
that are not supposed to be rented. But
I'm asking you about the baseball player
that might go to Washington.
>> I have tried and tried to care about
baseball. You know, from years of
watching Tom Keen, I've been motivated
to go watch the Yankees, the dreaded New
York Yankees. Um to go even to City
Field and watch the Mets, but it's just
way too boring. I
>> dread the New York Yankees. That's where
we cut it off. Up next on the program,
the AI boom.
>> The godfather of AI, Jensen Avidia,
continue to dominate. And I think this
is just a further validation. Tech
stocks go higher. The boom's just
starting. This just shows the next stage
of adoption is actually just starting.
>> Gene Monster of Deep Water Asset
Management joins us next. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Amber Herd alongside
Matt Miller. We are counting you down to
the allimportant 8:30 data print of PCE.
Then 10:00 in Washington DC, potentially
some fireworks when it comes to what is
going on with Governor Lisa Cook. Will
she get this injunction to be able to
sit on the Fed board, continue to do her
job and maybe even cut it, vote for an
interest rate cut in September? Futures
this morning are soft. Three on the red,
down 310 of a percent on S&P 500
futures. But of course, we hit a fresh
all-time high yesterday. under
surveillance this morning. The AI boom,
>> the godfather of AI, Jensen, Nvidia,
continue to dominate. And I think this
is just a further validation. Tech
stocks go higher. The boom's just
starting. I mean, if you look at these
numbers, especially when you factor in
what China is going to be, I mean, you
know, Jensen talked about 50 billion,
50% type growth number. This just shows
the next stage of adoption is actually
just starting.
>> Here's the latest. The NASDAQ sitting
just below all-time highs, propelled by
Wall Street's big bets on AI despite
lackluster results from Nvidia. Gene
Munster, managing partner at Deep Water
Asset Management, is pushing past
sellside noise, writing, "The bottom
line is we're still early in the AI
buildout and growth next year will be
higher than most expect." Gan joins us
now for more. So, Gan, you're pretty
comfortable, it sounds like, with what's
going on in Nvidia's growth, even though
it is slower than what we've seen in the
past. Um, are you concerned though about
where policy is going in regarding
Nvidia's access to China?
>> Uh, the simple answer is, uh, not
concerned about policy. I think that
that's going to kind of write itself in
the next few weeks. Uh, within their
January quarter, they're going to see a
big, uh, return in their China business.
That's of course not factored into the
street estimates. My concern around
China is more structural long-term is
that uh the Wall Street Journal this
morning is reporting that Alibaba now is
coming out with a new inference chip. Of
course, we've heard Chinese leadership
uh cautioning not to buy some of the
H20s after what have been perceived as
some insulting comments from the White
House in terms of the types and the
caliber of chips that they're being
allowed to buy. all this uh in the
background of what is clearly the most
important uh topic for uh nations is
what their position is within AI. And so
when I think about the China
opportunity, I believe that it's a huge
opportunity for Nvidia over the next
year, two years. But I think that it's
going to be uh increasingly competitive
with the likes of Huawei, with the likes
of Alibaba. Interestingly, that new
Alibaba chip is reportedly uh able to
work with the CUDA, which is the uh
essentially the operating system around
Nvidia's chips. That's kind of part of
the fabric that holds that uh very
intense tech economy together for
Nvidia. And so the simple answer is this
is that it's going to get a lot better
for Nvidia uh related to China. I think
if you take the perspective of 5 years
from now, China doesn't want to be held
accountable to uh owning US chips and uh
Chinese leadership is making big
investments. So, it's going to get more
competitive there longer term. Doesn't
change how I feel about the AI trade. If
anything, it actually makes me more
confident about it. But I think that's
the kind of the scope and the the
trajectory around China. When it comes
to China and US policy, the CFO had this
to say regarding that 15% that the US
government says that Nvidia has to give
back to the government for the export
license. I don't have to do this 15%
until I see something that is a true
regulatory document. So, is it your
understanding that basically the H20s
can go to China right now and Nvidia
doesn't have to legally give the US
government the 15% the president said he
had a handshake deal on?
It's my understanding that the licenses
actually haven't been issued. Jensen
made a comment about the timing of when
those licenses are going to be issued. I
think that separately they still don't
have clarity from the White House around
the 15%. Uh why that matters for Nvidia
investors is it's still unclear about
how that they're going to account for
that 15% revenue share and separately
how they're going to think about
potential price increases to offset
that. And so that that piece is you are
uh appropriately pointing out kind of an
important vector. And I think when you
kind of put this whole mix together, I
just want to just take a step forward
into what what is going on with Nvidia
here. The stock is trading off after a
very favorable quarter and what in my
estimation was a better thanex expected
guide. And I think uh part of that is
related to some of the uncertainties
that you talked about timing of these
licenses, timing of the revenue share.
There's another piece that kind of uh
vectors into this which is Nvidia's
businesses because China is getting a
little bit smaller is increasingly
dominated by several companies. The top
two account for just under 40% of
revenue. I estimate the top six or 60%.
And so there's this China and customer
concentration that is a derivative of
the China conversation. And so it gets
quite complicated. And I just uh take
the approach at Deep Water. We take the
approach of what's actually happening.
What's the bigger picture? What's going
on? And and ultimately we still think we
are very early. Second inning in AI. Uh
3 months ago, I said we're in the third
inning. And so I think we're actually
earlier than what uh as as this is
progressing. So uh really important to
understand what's going on with this
these these licenses and how the US
government but ultimately the bigger
picture is what's happening with AI
demand over the long haul. Well, and
what's happening with return on
investment here, Gan, because we're
looking at trillions of dollars spent to
build up this infrastructure. Um, you
are one of the most famous tech analysts
out there and you've been through it
all, right? You were there for the dot
bubble burst when everybody was spending
way more than they needed to laying
fiber for the money that they made um in
the years following. Are we seeing
something similar play out now?
I think the big difference first of all
is this return on investment question is
is valid because just a massive amount
that's being spent uh the best uh
example of this of course is what's
happened with Meta's business is that
this is a business that was growing kind
of in the mid- teens uh they push more
for better targeting with AI and now
you're having a business that's
consistently growing in the basically
20% range their advertising business I
mean remarkable at scale how AI is
impacting uh meta. So from my
perspective is just that one uh piece
alone I think is a is a good evidence.
One as I think back about what happened
25 years ago there was a piece that uh
we knew that the internet was going to
be something big. There's there's a lot
of commonalities. Uh I think that when
it comes to what's going on with AI
right now, I think that you do have
examples of what's going on with meta
about real, you know, tens of uh
billions of dollars of incremental
revenue because of this, which we didn't
see back in do. I I do want to u uh just
add one connection point to what
happened 25 years ago and where we're at
today, too, is there's this kind of
ongoing conversation about the bubble.
Where are we at? Are we in a bubble?
We're not in a bubble. looking back 25
years ago and ultimately we're not in a
bubble. Uh we will get to a bubble. Uh I
think that the market still has a couple
more years to run here and u it's going
to be a big bursting of the bubble at
that point.
>> Not in a bubble yet. Gene Munster,
thanks so much for your time this
morning. Gene Monster of Deep Water
Asset Management. Coming up, another
hour of Bloomberg surveillance. Michael
Pervvis of Talbach and Capital
Adviserss. Dana Telsley of the Telsley
Advisory Group. Ryan Wang of HSBC and
Zachary Griffith of Credit Sites. Of
course, also coming up in the next hour,
we will get the allimp important
inflation gauge that the Fed watches PCE
coming up at 8:30 Eastern. Keep it right
here on Bloomberg Surveillance.
If you look at what's driving the market
and is it a very small group of
companies, absolutely. That's very
concerning.
>> What we're seeing in the loss cap space
is at least on a short-term basis, a lot
of good news is priced in.
>> Everybody at this point is functioning
under the fog of uncertainty.
>> Markets tend to dislike uncertainty in
any form.
>> There is a sneaky Uber bull case out
there lurking.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
Anarie Hordern.
>> Very good morning to you from New York
City. For audience worldwide, this is
Bloomberg Surveillance. Alongside Matt
Miller, I'm Anarie Hordern. It feels
like a very sleepy Friday. It's the
Friday before Labor Day. But Matt, we
have some pretty important data coming
up today. 8:30 in just 30 minutes, we
are going to get the core PCE, which of
course this is something the Fed is very
focused on. But how focused are they
going to be on this data point given the
fact that last night once again we heard
from Governor Chris Waller and he said
you can basically look through any
tariff impacts when it comes Matt to
inflation.
>> Yeah. And I want to point out that also
that we did hit all-time highs on the
S&P 500 yesterday. We are looking at a
real seasonality issue because September
is historically the worst month for
stocks out of all 12. And um right now
valuations are starting to look
stretched again, right? In terms of the
S&P 500, uh PE is at 25.
So that's very high considering the
average is around 17. Yeah. And
basically, everyone is still buying into
this equity market because the Fed's
going to cut rates,
>> right? Right. Well, exactly. You had
Christopher Waller saying, you know, 3%
is near enough to two for him because
he's back in team transitory. He
literally uh said that
>> with air quotes. I think it's important
we have to say I'm back on team
transitory with air quotes,
>> right? Um, nonetheless, he used those
words which I find fascinating. Of
course, a lot of economists will look
through, as you mentioned, uh, uh,
tariff umcaused inflation the same way
they would look through a maybe sales
tax caused inflation, but sales tax uh,
doesn't go up 5, six, 7x in one, you
know, in one month.
>> Coming up on the program, Matt, another
hour, Michael Pervvis of Talacking
Capital Advisors as stocks pull back
from the record highs we had yesterday.
Ryan Wang of HSBC reacting to today's
key inflation data. and Zachary
Griffiths of Credit Sites expecting a 50
basis point cut at the Fed's next
meeting. We begin this hour with stocks
pulling back ahead of key inflation data
as we've been talking about. That's
coming out now in 30 minutes as the Fed
also has a battle of independence and
that is ramping up 10:00 today. That'll
be key. Michael Pervvis of Talin Capital
Advisors writing, "The more Trump pushes
the Fed away from independence, the
greater the upside risk becomes to
back-end yield." Michael joins us now.
Michael, thank you so much for joining
Matt and I this morning, especially
ahead of the allimportant PCE report.
When it comes to this question of Fed
independence, you think that there is a
Fed Trump put at this moment? Well, I I
I think the question people have to get
into is if the u if Trump really does,
you know, get his team in there and
really sort of has a firm uh leaves a
firm imprint on monetary policy, which
basically is going to come down to what
I think you could describe as sort of
unnaturally lower rates, right? Given at
least given the context of historical
Fed response functions, right? then you
have to really question well what what's
going to then happen right and I think
what's what's what's you're going to
start seeing is a more exaggerated uh
sense of what we have been seeing this
summer which is look we have seen the
September rate cut locked um you know it
started getting locked after the bad
jobs report it got locked again after
Jackson Hole last Friday and yet the
10year is only bid marginally right
typically as you get into a a new
cutting cycle, you know, all the rates
travel lower, right? You saw that a year
ago. You saw that back in the 2018 into
2019 cutting cycle uh there where the
10-year yield went down as basically as
much as the 2-year uh yield did. Um you
know, as the Fed did that pivot, right?
So, the the Fed is pivoting to some
degree here. But if you look at the
30-year yield, that's actually higher.
Those yields are higher now than they
were before the bad jobs number. If you
look at the um the Fed's calculation of
term premium, the ACM term premium that
has been persistently stubbornly high.
>> But Michael has been
>> Yeah.
>> Is it that high? If you're that
concerned with Fed independence, is 4.9%
in a 30-year really that high? If people
are really concerned about not having an
independent central bank,
>> well, no, exactly. I mean, I think
that's the point here. I think the
question is is that if he if if he is
successful in getting Cook out of the
Fed and he he's successful really
putting in sort of a an uber doubbish um
uh Fed, I think that you have to again
get to the next question is what is he
going to do with that? Because if you
know take a take a take a theoretical
scenario where you know we get a you
know 200 basis points of cuts you know
in the next 6 months right on a Trump
defined u Fed right um they're what's
going to happen to the 10 and 30 year
they're going to go higher inflation
expectations in the long run are in my
view going to go a lot higher and I
think there's broader questions about
you know term premium and then you're
layering on hot monetary policy on top
of a tax bill that is fiscal stimulus on
top of relatively low unemployment,
right? So, that's a recipe for all sorts
of uh reasons to be, you know, expect
higher term premium, higher backend
yields that we know.
>> Michael, can I ask why why why aren't uh
any of the president's adviserss telling
him how this works? Surely Scott Bessant
um knows that when you attack Fed
independence,
uh the term premium is going to get
higher. So the Fed can cut rates, but
the 10ear is going to be higher. The
30-year is going to be higher in terms
of yields. And the president wants rates
down at least in part so that he can pay
less on the outstanding debt, but he's
going to end up paying more on the
outstanding debt when he goes after
doves like Lisa Cook.
>> That not to mention the fact that the
stock market um cares a lot more about
the 10-year than it does about the
two-year. Real estate uh assets care a
lot more about the 10 and 30 year than
they do about the front end. Right? all
that, right? The economy cares more
about the uh the 10-year, right? So, so,
so I this is this is where I'm going
with this whole where I think the the
plan is Besson has been very clear uh
early um in his term that he wants u you
know, he's really trying to get the
president focused on the back end. So,
you know, play this out, right? If rate
cuts um particularly if they're quote
unquote unnatural rate cuts um are not
the answer to lower backend yields then
I think it's got to be he's going to
rebuild the the plan would may well be
to rebuild the balance sheet right we've
done that after the GFC we've done that
after COVID if we did it during World
War II well we didn't I we didn't do
exactly balance sheet bill but we we did
do a form of yield control during World
War II right so there is precedent and I
I don't know how else they're going to
get tenure yields lower if they get a a
very very dovish um uh group of
individuals running the Fed in there.
Right.
>> What are you looking for on uh PCE
today, Michael? Because you know, Waller
seems to think three is two. Um but it's
it's it's 50% more obviously and
inflation is headed in the wrong
direction. So it seems to me odd that
the Fed would cut, especially that they
would cut 50 basis points as inflation
turns around and goes higher.
>> Yeah. Look, look, look, the news we got
from the July, you know, since uh the
end of July was that the NFP was, you
know, 35,000 a month. Um there was uh
weak ISMs. Uh uh there, you know, a lot
of subcomponents of the of the services
ISMs were were were really particularly
weak. uh there, right? And so there's
sort of a rationale for after uh after
the the July data hit uh to to sort of
think about a September cut. I I
actually think Powell would be inclined
to do a cut regardless of whether Trump
were president or not, just based on the
data. Would he do would it be a very
hawkish cut? Quite quite possibly.
>> Everyone is talking about this hawkish
cut, Michael. So basically what you're
saying is one and done.
Well, I'm saying one and a lot of
conditionality. We don't know what the
fall is going to be, but I think there's
a really ugly scenario that could be
unfolding where if these trends of, you
know, to Matt's question about about the
PCE, you know, look, the the boogeyman
in the inflation is really not the
tariff. It's really about the ser the
the that super core print we got in July
was not pretty, right? And that's
something that has a little bit of
inertia away from uh um all this tariff
news and that could be really much more
troubling. Everyone's been so focused on
the tariff related inflation and I think
there's a very understandable debate
about how long that is and what it
really means. But the services stuff is
something that's been you know sort of
lurking in the background for some time
and particularly on supercore. So if
that comes in um if if Supercore comes
in uh this morning and in in the next
CPI as being as being sort of
unfriendly, I think it's we're going to
see a really really interesting fall.
>> How difficult though is a hawkish cut
for Powell to talk about in the press
conference when this is what Waller had
to said say last night. As I stand here
today, I anticipate additional cuts over
the next 3 to 6 months and the pace of
rate cuts will be driven by the incoming
data. He is squarely looking at the
labor market.
>> Yeah, I think he's also squarely looking
at a job interview too. But um
>> he's running
but look I mean he's um uh look I I
think the the jobs data has definitely
you know based on the July numbers and
the revisions right was was was clearly
weaker. I think the question we have to
also recognize is that there is a lot of
volatility up and down in some of this
data, right? And I think there's a lot
of understandable questions about labor
force contraction and all that kind of
stuff, right? I mean, if the immigration
policies are constricting labor slack,
right? I mean, I think that is one of
those pro-inflationary dynamics that
we're gonna, you know, the Fed's going
to have to contend with there. But look,
I think there's a lot of weird there's a
wide range of scenarios that can play
out after the September meeting which
which which may cause Powell to really
uh reverse and pivot. Um again, right?
Um again, I'm putting, you know,
political noise to the side here, right?
But what if we get strong inflation, you
know, in September and October after
that cut? um and the jobs data is sort
of okay. What is Powell then going to
do, you know, as we approach the uh uh
the meetings at the end of the year? Is
he going to
uh do no cuts? Is he going to even maybe
signal a hike back to where he was? You
know, it's it's a this job is hard
without having the president of the
United States, you know, be be pushing
on you every day, right? So, it's a very
there's a lot of strange currents in the
data and I think Powell's just kind of
like kind of reading them as they come,
right? Um there but I think he's going
to have to navigate that and you know,
Waller thing aside, you know, he's
being, you know, pretty clear about his
views there. But again, you know, people
were very clear a year ago, right?
>> The, you know, the economy had to was
definitely going to weaken. They had to
get in front of the neutral rate as fast
as possible. They gave us 50 cuts last
September, 50 basis points of cuts and
that marked the lows across the curve of
interest rates over the last 12 months.
So, you know, it it's it's it's a very
very resilient economy, but there's a
lot of complexities in the inflation
data and also now the employment data.
>> Michael, thanks so much for joining us
this morning. Michael Pervvis of Towakan
Capital. Let's get you an update on
stories we're watching elsewhere this
morning. Here's Lizzie Burton. Hey,
Lizzie.
>> Hey, Amarie. President Donald Trump has
revoked former Vice President Kla
Harris's Secret Service protection. Vice
Presidents normally received six months
of protection after leaving office, but
according to CNN, Harris's protection
was extended for an additional year by
President Biden. Trump's directive to
cancel Harris's protection goes into
effect on September 1st. Elsewhere, the
TSA is taking a heel turn on some
long-standing practices at airport
security checkpoints. For the first time
in almost 20 years, passengers no longer
have to remove their shoes and run them
through X-ray machines. Officials are
also now signaling that they intend to
ease the rule limiting containers of
carry-on liquids to just over 3 oz. And
over to sports, the Phillies Kyle
Schwabber joined an exclusive club last
night, becoming just the 21st player
ever to hit four home runs in a single
game as the Phillies took down the
Atlanta Braves. As for the New York
teams, the Mets fell to the Miami
Marlins 7 to4 and the Yankees won their
fifth straight game defending the
Chicago defeating the Chicago White
Soxes 10 to four. And that should be my
brief. Amarie
>> Lizzie, thank you so much for ending on
the Yankees. Matt is here laughing. I
promise I didn't do that.
>> It's just so I mean, God love Lizzie
Burton, right? a Scottish alas giving us
the baseball scores like you've lived in
England. They don't know how baseball
works.
>> No, they're more into cricket.
>> Yes, I love cricket also. But
>> but you don't like baseball.
>> Well, cricket's even longer than
baseball.
>> Cricket is more of a really a drinking
game, right? And baseball is just dead
boring.
>> Baseball is not boring when you're
rooting for the right team, which is the
New York Yankees. Up next, the morning
calls as Wall Street turns bearish on
Marvel. Plus, Dana Telsey of Telsey
Advisor Group as the dimminimous
exemption ends today. That's next.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
the longer end, we've seen rates climb
higher and higher and higher because
there is this sense that whatever
doubbishness the Fed is going to
undertake now, whether it's just the
people on the FOMC becoming more
concerned about the labor market or
because the Fed is losing independence
and is going to be become more doubbish
that we're going to have to pay for that
sometime in the future with higher
interest rates down the road. So that is
where that we call it zoo steepening
because it's a bull bull market at the
front and a bare market at the back.
That was Brian Nick of New Edge Wealth
this morning. Actually, a viewer just
said said wrote in to me saying, "You
said it's a sleepy Friday for August,
but don't jinx it." But that's what we
do have this morning. Equities are
pulling back just slightly. But we had a
fresh all-time high yesterday on the S&P
500. And of course, markets are just
over 10 minutes away from getting the
important PCE inflation data. And then
everyone else potentially could then go
enjoy their long weekend. Time now for
the morning calls. First up, Bank of
America downgrading Marvel to neutral,
seeing incrementally higher uncertainty.
That stock is getting hit, down more
than 14% this morning. Next up, Morgan
Stanley raising its price target on Ulta
Beauty to $600, seeing room for upside
given the industry's minimal tariff
risk. That is up more than 2.5%. And
finally, JP Morgan raising its price
target on GAAP to $32, seeing a buying
opportunity due to the post earnings
sell-off. But now we're going to stick
with retail investors digesting a slew
of earnings from the sector and their
signals about the economy. Dana Telsey
of the CEO of Telsey Advisory Group
saying the tariff impacts on EPS and
margins are being managed and price
increases have not been fully passed on
to customers. The bulk are expected to
be visible in the third and fourth
quarter. And Dana joins us now. Good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Very busy earning season. When will we
see the full impact of the tariffs? I
don't think you're going to see the full
impact of tariffs until heading into the
fourth quarter. And it's on a select
group of merchandise. And frankly, when
you think of the newness that's coming
in, particularly on the apparel side,
perhaps you'll see more of the price
increases on the newer products, which
you may not even know cuz they never
were issued before. So, that's some of
the bulk of it. What we've seen as we've
gone through earning season is you
haven't heard that it's been the full
impact. And keep in mind, we've had a
price tracker on 80 items since April.
And what we've seen and on iconic items,
whether they're Levis's 501, Barbie
dolls, we haven't seen big increases
across the board, it's very selective
with those price increases.
>> You know, I'm uh the administration has
long argued that this is just like a
sales tax and it's only just a one-time
price hike. But the thing is, these
tariffs trickle in over months and
months and months. And the manufacturers
try and hold back price increases when
they can. They take some into margins.
They pass some to suppliers. I feel like
we're gonna see a step up of prices over
time.
>> That's what's expected. The expectation
is it will step up. And you're right,
it's a third, a third, a third. A third
look to diversify their sourcing. A
third look to share the cost with
manufacturers. And then a third of the
headwind is passing the prices on to the
consumer, which we not have fully seen
yet. What do you think about um Jonathan
Leven wrote a column for Bloomberg
Opinion yesterday pointing out that we
have higher pees on some of these
retailers than we do on Nvidia. If you
look at the forward PE for Costco, it's
52 times earnings and Nvidia is only 40.
Why are investors willing to uh ascribe
such a value to these retailers?
>> Frankly, for something like a Costco,
you have annuity from continued
membership. you don't have a lot of
people not renewing their membership.
The fact that you still have the
opportunity to grow your unit base
globally that it encaptures such a wide
customer. So, I've got great value in
prices. I've got a sticky customer base
that's only growing and I still have the
ability to open more units. And don't
forget Kirkland's. They've got private
label that's of value that can expand to
many more categories.
>> Fantastic products. I'm always impressed
by Kirkland products.
>> Are you a big Costco shopper? Yeah. Love
it.
>> Do you have a Costco membership?
>> Of course. I have the executive
membership.
>> Wow. You're definitely a different
person than I remember you a few years
ago. So, who's doing well in this
environment? It's the Costos. It's the
Walmarts because they're big and they're
able to really mitigate these tariff
concerns. What about off price? Look
what you just saw at Burlington. A 5%
same store sales increase. Look at Ulta
Beauty. Very strong. That whole beauty
category. There's newness and beauty and
it's driving demand. What about the
category of denim? And we've seen denim
be look at Levis's. They talked about
denim on the category side. I mean, Gap
did well with denim both at Old Navy and
the Gap brand. And you're seeing in some
of the intimates areas the rebound of
Victoria's Secret in the turnaround with
the inflection point in intimates. Give
consumers something that's new and
different. They'll open their wallet.
>> But no denim intimates. I hope
>> there's no denim intimates.
>> Yeah. When it comes to Oh, man. Matt.
>> TMI.
>> You've got to have good jeans, right?
This is the whole American Eagle debate.
Is there do you see a push in retailers
of trying to go to this cultural
Americana?
>> I you know what I think it is the
cultural what's part of the
conversation? So you look at the catsai
group that basically has the better
denim campaign for gap. It's driving up
tremendous number of views. You take a
look look what was just signed by
Abbercrombie. Whether it is the NFL
partnerships, whether it's the Dallas
Cowboys, how do you remain relevant and
expand your audience? saw that Britney
Mahomes is now going to be the face of
Abbercrombie. Travis Kelsey and I think
this came out in the day they announced
their engagement is doing partnership
with American Eagle. You do have to have
a celebrity endorsement tied to your
brand.
>> It's working. I mean, you look at
Beyonce and Levis's and the
effectiveness of being able to capture
the number of their audience and their
clubs. You're part of their club now.
>> By the way, uh I was shocked the other
day when I looked at the TJ Maxx stock
chart over 5 years. They absolutely
crushed it. Um, and I I'm guessing that
like a Burlington and a Ross stores and
these discounters are all doing very
well. What What do you like the best?
Like if you could own um a couple of
retailers, only a couple of retailers,
which would they be?
>> So, when you think of best-in-class in
my world, you talked about Costco. Look
at TJX. They are best-in-class. They
have category strength. It's very
impressive what they've done. You take a
look, frankly, what Ulta Beauty is doing
in the beauty unleash plan with the new
CEO. Well, she's promoted CEO, but it's
working and they're capturing a wider
customer base. It's compelling. You look
at brand leaders and brand leaders like
a tapestry, like a Ralph Lauren, a
Levis, they're effective because they
capture the consumer. And you think
about what can be what can be enhanced.
Take a look at Bath and Body Works.
watching that very carefully for the
speed at which they're transforming
their business.
>> Bath and body works. Is that just like
uh soap bombs or
>> it's soaps and sanitizers? But what
about 40 million loyalty members? 40
million loyalty members who are going
there on a regular basis. That matters.
And today capturing that customer is
key. Here's the key.
>> To me, that sounds like the consumer has
too much money.
>> Not yet.
>> Well, it depends. Some people like, you
know, special bath bombs and things like
that.
>> And also, there's a trade down. Here's
the true. Here's the big question
though. In the luxury market, especially
makeup, would you buy, do you think
consumers will buy $160 lipstick, very
expensive, more expensive than the
Hermes $80 lipstick or Chanel $50
lipstick? Yes, there will be people who
buy it because it's the entryway to
instead of getting the $2 or $3,000
Never full bag, you're going to get $160
lipstick and you'll get a case that says
LV.
>> Wow. You really think that people are
going to buy this? They're you you can't
surpass what a brand can generate with a
lifestyle offering.
>> And for Matt, if you don't know, this is
Louis Vuitton. They're introducing a new
lipstick and is $160.
>> I'm surprised you haven't bought that
lipstick.
>> I'm a lip gloss girl.
>> Okay,
>> that's what it is. Dana Telsey, thank
you. Thank you so much for joining us,
Dana Telsey of Telley Advisory Group.
But it's a great point, Matt, when you
talk about what's going on with the
Walmarts, the Costos, the TJX. They're
still doing well. And a lot of that has
to be from the upper level income
bracket almost trading down or being
willing to go out there and want to find
better price points.
>> Yeah. I I mean I look at the TJ Maxx
total return
167% over the past 5 years. So they uh
really have rewarded investors that made
that bet. I still think like a Bath and
Body Works if you've got money left over
after going to the grocery store, after
paying your car payment, after um you
know, forking over the cash you need to
for your GLP1s to go to Bath & Body
Works. You just have too much money.
>> Well, we'll see about that. I think a
lot of teens like it and you have
daughters, so one day you might be that
dad in the mall at Bath & Body Works.
We're minutes away now from the
allimportant core PCE print. Ryan Wang
of HSBC joins us to react. Keep it right
here on Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. We are just 20 seconds
away from the allimportant PCE data. And
going into that, markets are a little
bit softer on S&P 500 futures, treading
water into this allimportant data. Fed
Governor Chris Waller told us yesterday,
look through any tariff impact on
inflation. He squarely focused on the
labor market. And yesterday, S&P 500 hit
an all-time high, fresh record high for
that data that's just crossed. Let's get
over to Mike McKe. Hey, Mike.
>> Good morning. Well, the data has not
just crossed. It's coming over a little
slowly this morning from the uh Bureau
of Economic Analysis, but uh we're just
getting this here. The personal income
increased 4/10en of a percent. Personal
consumption expenditures increased
5/10en of an uh uh a percent, which are
exactly what was expected. Now, we've
got the uh inflation numbers, and they
are as expected. a 2/10 rise in the
headline and a 3/10en rise in the core
on a year-over-year basis. No change in
the headline, 2.6% and the PCE core
index rounds to 2.9%. Now, I got a note
from Omar Sharif of uh inflation
insights just before we got these
numbers and he said at 2.9% which would
be the highest since February is still
not necessarily a sign that inflation is
picking up significantly. So, we'll keep
an eye on that. Uh, the other number we
got was the advanced goods trade uh,
deficit comes in at 103
uh 4 I think here and it 103.6
and basically uh this is a significant
widening uh because uh we were at 84.9%
in June uh 84.9 billion in June. So, um,
a 7.1% increase in imports and a tenth
of a percent, uh, decrease in exports.
So, Anarie, it looks like maybe we went
back to the pre-tariff
uh, effort to bring in a lot of goods in
July before the president put the final
tariffs on.
>> Certainly, it does feel like that pull
forward effect was happening when you
look at some of these numbers. But when
it comes to the PCE, Matt, no surprise
here. all bang in line when it comes to
the poor core PCE.
>> Yeah. All exactly in line. Um so it's
all the more interesting that you see
the 2-year yield. It had risen up before
this number came out to 36440
and now it's dropped down to 36280.
Um I feel like PP uh PCE and Mike,
correct me if I'm wrong, PCE is so much
easier for economists to predict because
you get the CPI and the PPI before that.
So you know the inputs in your model um
can work out pretty seamlessly.
>> Yeah. A lot of this data comes in other
releases. So economists are pretty much
able to get it spoton. We don't know the
income and spending levels necessarily
but in this case everybody forecast
right. One thing we can tell you is that
most of the uh personal spending came in
the autos category. Motor vehicles and
parts were up by 34.9 billion. uh
financial services and insurance were
also up. So uh at this point it looks
like uh these were uh some goods in cars
but for the most part it looks like
services uh financial services, housing,
food, health care and other services. So
uh the spending numbers we'll get at the
uh in this report suggest maybe that
people did cut back a little bit on uh
spending on goods.
>> All right. Uh Mike, thank you so much
for that. Hopefully you could dig a
little bit deeper into what's going into
that PCE number. Now we're going to get
a reaction from Ryan Wang, the US
economist at HSBC. So what do you make
of this?
>> Yeah, well as as Michael said, the
numbers are broadly in line with
expectations. I still do think it's
important that we're seeing that step up
in the core PC inflation rate up to
2.9%. The Fed has been projecting that
it will reach at least a little bit
above 3% at the end of this year. And
that's very key. I mean, if we know that
inflation is going to go up and then
we're hoping that inflation eventually
begins to cool off after the full effect
of tariffs comes through, it's still
important to track these numbers every
month.
>> How uncomfortable is it to actually see
on your screen 2.9% for core PCE, yet at
the same time pretty much knowing the
Fed is going to cut interest rates next
month?
>> Well, that's that's really the tricky
part. I mean, inflation admittedly is
much slower than it was just a few years
ago. we're not getting those types of
price increases. But at the end of the
day, 3% is still not the Fed's 2%
target. And this is why although we do
have some kind of consistency amongst
the Fed policy makers, Fed chair Jerome
Pal saying that yes, okay, tariffs are
going to be a onetime effect, even if
that one-time effect takes a year or
multiple quarters to fully pass through.
But still, we need to track the data.
And I do think, you know, if the Fed
does cut uh rates by 7 25 base points in
September, it's still not going to
necessarily mean a sequence of rate
cuts. And that's largely because of
these inflation numbers.
>> Chris Waller called underlying inflation
close to 2%. Um I don't know if he's a
statistician, but uh do you agree?
>> Well, I just think it's very tricky to
get into this idea of just excluding the
tariff effect and trying to look at
inflation on that basis. So, so no, I
mean, if we were talking about core
inflation that was below 2.5%, okay, now
we're talking about a range that's sort
of within within a few tenths. But when
you see an inflation rate that's closer
to 3% and really it's the mix of
inflation that's coming through, some of
it has been, you know, incremental
increases in goods prices that have that
are clearly related to tariffs, but some
of it has been on the services side. And
that's more that's more structural. Of
course, services inflation tends to run
above goods inflation. And although
we've seen some deceleration in rental
inflation, the overall numbers are still
adding up to to what we see 2.9.
>> By the way, the um we were talking about
this with Dana Telsey just a moment ago.
The administration has argued um that
these tariffs are just going to be a
one-time price increase, but I keep
wondering because the tariff structure
is so dragged out um doesn't that lead
to incremental price increases over
time?
>> Well, I think we're definitely going to
see a mix. If you really talk to
businesses, they're adopting different
strategies. Some businesses passed the
tariff straight through right away. But
that wasn't the majority. The majority
adopted other strategies, front-loading
of inventory, selling down the
pre-tariff inventory, and some have
passed along a portion of those price
increases, but not all of it. So, I do
think we're going to see an extended
period where some products are affected
by tariffs. Now, is that going to be
enough to push the overall inflation
number, let's say, to 3 1/2% to 4%. I
don't necessarily think we're going to
get that high. I think more likely we're
going to see this kind of sticky
inflation close to 3%. We're looking for
actually core inflation to still be
above 2 and a.5% at the end of next
year. And so again, there's this there's
this idea of a one-time effect, but that
doesn't mean that one time is is is a
short term.
>> By the way, they also wanted to average
2%, right? And considering how high
we've been and even how high we are now,
we'd need to go far below 2% and hold
there for years, if not decades, to
average 2%, wouldn't we?
>> Well, that's very interesting because
the part that was somewhat under the
radar at Chair Pal's latest comments at
the Jackson Hall symposium is actually
that the Fed is backing away from that
average inflation targeting idea,
>> but they won't say they're not explicit
about it. It feels like they're
targeting a range, but they won't
actually say they're targeting a range.
Well, I think this idea that okay, you
know, you have a 2% target and we want
to pay a lot of attention to that
number, but still there is some there's
there's some allowance of course for for
data noise. I think that is is is is
there, but I think we're back in a
situation where bygones are bygones.
We're not really trying to undersshoot
after the elevated inflation a few years
ago, but we still do want to get back to
2%. Governor Waller yesterday basically
said he's all in on 75 basis points
except his view could change depending
on the employment report. This time next
week we'll be looking at that jobs
report. What are you and the team
expecting?
>> Yeah, so you know we're looking for a
number that's around 70,000, right? So
that would be pretty close to the July
outcome, but it would be a little bit
higher than the threemonth average of
35,000 which has attracted a lot of
attention. Of course, we remember last
month those massive downward revisions
to really the May and the June data,
right? So, the the the tricky thing here
is that we know that slow a slowdown in
net immigration has played a huge role
in why these numbers are lower. We know
it's a combination of lower labor supply
and lower labor demand. Both are playing
a role, but we're not really sure which
is the bigger factor. I mean, you could
explain this slowdown just from slower
population growth. slower population
growth probably has taken at least a
point off of growth in the past year
both from a job side and also from a GDP
perspective.
>> Uh Ryan, when you look at the curve,
when you look at the 10-year holding at
420 and then hear so many important
intelligent people talk about the
dangers of attacking Fed independence.
How do you reconcile those two things?
Well, I do think clearly this is a story
that has evolved even in the last few
weeks and months and it is something
that is very likely contributing to the,
you know, the steepness of the yield
curve, right? So, on the one hand, it's
the Fed that has not really acted at all
up until this point and on the other
hand, it's these concerns uh
incrementally about what Fed policy will
look like, you know, not just for the
rest of this year, but but into next
year.
>> Brian, thanks so much for spending your
Friday morning with us. Ryan Wang of
HSBC uh reacting to the latest PCE
inflationary data. Zachary Griffiths,
head of USIG and macro strategy at
credit sites, also joins us now. Uh
Zachary, I want to get into your bold
call for September. Before we get there,
just a quick reaction on what we saw in
front of the data.
>> Yeah, thanks Anmarie. It looks like the
data is in line with consensus
expectations. I think the uptick to 2.9%
on the core PCE deflator is a little
concerning. It highlights the inflation
side of the concern for the Fed's dual
mandate. But for us right now, it's all
about the labor market in terms of the
next adjustment to the policy rate.
>> When you're seeing these kind of
inflation numbers, do you still expect
the Fed to cut 50 basis points?
>> That's our base case. I think we
probably need a little bit of help from
the non-farm payrolls data next week. I
think anything sub 60 will keep that
3-month moving average below 50,000
jobs. And to us, when you think about
the Fed's reaction function a year ago
and what we're seeing in the data now,
it would justify 50 basis point rate
cut. And when we listen to what Fed
policy makers are saying now, they are
trying to dismiss the inflation concerns
to some extent over the next several
months, blueling them as transitory.
We're a little shocked they're using
transitory again at all, but you're
hearing it. And what we're hearing from
these policy makers, we think sets up
for a bigger move in the near term to
cut off those risks that we
unnecessarily weaken the labor market
further. By the way, in terms of the uh
labor market, it's the supply side that
I think is so interesting as we uh
pursue mass deportations and um stop any
entry at the border. um even legal
immigration now uh becoming more
difficult. Doesn't that lead to some
kind of upward wade pressure?
>> Typically, you'd think so, Matt. And I
think what we're seeing is labor demand
fall alongside labor supply, which for
now is keeping things in a little bit
better balance, but is not necessarily
indicative of a very strong economy. And
when we talk to our analysts on the
consumer side, they are saying that for
a while now, the consumer has felt
softer than some of this macro data
would suggest. And so when we think
about the balance of risks of these job
gains falling so substantially, we do
think it warrants an adjustment to the
policy rate. And when we think about
going say from 4.5% to 4%, I don't think
that takes us to neutral. It certainly
doesn't take us to accommodative
territory. And so if I'm a Fed policy
maker thinking about the balance of risk
to where policy is today, I think they
can take it to the downside and the
renewed focus on the labor market and
what we're seeing in the data justify
that kind of move.
>> What will the benefits be um or or or
drawbacks from the big beautiful bill?
Amarie was just with the president at
his cabinet meeting and he was, you
know, touting the fact that people won't
have to pay taxes on social security.
people won't have to pay taxes on tips
and all I could think about was all that
extra money they'll be able to spend in
this economy. Isn't that going to be a
tailwind?
I think I think that is a tailwind,
Matt. And when you think about all of
the crossurrens we Fed policy makers,
all sorts of policy makers have to deal
with right now. It's difficult to come
out on the other side with a a clear
direction. And I think that's a
challenge. I do think that the passage
of the one big beautiful bill act is
certainly a tailwind at least all else
equal and I think you're seeing that in
market pricing but in terms of
underlying economic growth the strength
of the consumer what we're seeing from
the lower income lower wealth cohorts I
think there are some challenges there
that adjusting the policy rate will at
least help at the margin and I think
that's really the focus now and I think
there's going to be more fundamental
concerns on the economic growth side and
we see that bleeding into corporate
credit as well.
>> Two quick points there though. When I
was with the president, he said he
doesn't want to call it the one big
beautiful bill anymore, Matt, because it
doesn't really
socialize to the American people what it
does in terms of what you're talking
about and no tax on tips, no tax on
social security. But Zachary, can I push
back for a second? Besides on the
margins, the one big beautiful bill just
keeps current policy. No one's really
getting a massive tax cut, are they?
>> No. Oh, and if you think about tariffs,
they are attacks on the consumer to some
extent. We could argue for hours who is
paying the tariff. Is it the consumer?
Is it the importers or the exporters
actually taking a share of it? I do
think it's divided perhaps somewhat
evenly between the three. And so, if you
think about those impacts on net, it
probably nets out to a certain extent.
And I think you make a great point on
just extending what had been existing
law and avoiding a tax hike in terms of
allowing the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act
uh cuts to kind of roll off. And so to
think of it as a big incremental
tailwind is probably not the right way,
especially when you consider the policy
coming out of Washington as a whole.
Hey, you're head of uh USIG and macro
strategy. So, we can talk to you about
more than just the economy here, Zach.
And I I wonder about spreads being so
tight since I'm an equities guy, right?
I typically anchor the uh Bloomberg Open
Interest Show from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00
a.m.
>> My dad calls you a car guy, actually.
>> And I'm a car guy. But, um I can't get
my head around why credit spreads are so
tight here. Um, considering the fact
that we're seeing, for example, a big
jump in bankruptcies, considering the
fact that you have this worry about
consumer softness, considering the fact
that we're running up these massive
debts, like leverage is out of control.
So, why are spreads so tight?
>> That's a great point, Matt, and I think
we're a little surprised to say the
least just how tight spreads have gotten
and remain. And I think a point that
you've been making throughout the show
today is the technicals. There's a lot
of cash in the system and a lot of
investors need to put that cash to work
and I think that's really been what's
been driving spreads in asset prices
across a broad swath of asset classes so
far this year. We're a little shocked
that with the amount of volatility we
have in terms of policy setting, the way
the Trump administration has gone about
implementing some of its policies and
you think about Fed independence being
called into question so directly. If you
had lined up all of these factors for me
coming into this year and where I think
spreads would be, it'd be a lot wider. I
don't think we'd have equities at
all-time highs and I certainly don't
think the 10-year would be stuck at 420
to 425 with all of this coming out of
Washington. So, I I think it all speaks
to the strong technical in the market.
It's impacting a variety of asset
classes. And while we do expect that to
shift over the next 12 months, for now
that seems to be in the driver's seat in
terms of what's driving markets.
>> Zachary, thanks so much for your time
this morning. Zachary Griffiths of
Credit Sites, he's calling for a bold
call. Fed cuts 50 in September, but all
of this really hinges on what happens
next week.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, the labor
numbers are so important and unlike
today's PCE number that really could go
either way. It's not going to be uh bang
in line. Not quite as easy uh to figure
out.
>> Yeah, definitely not. Let's get you an
update on stories we're watching
elsewhere this morning. Lizzie Burton is
back with your brief. Hey, Lizzie.
>> Hey, Amarie. Fed Governor Lisa Cook is
heading to court this morning to try and
keep her job. Cook says President Trump
is using a phony pretext that doesn't
amount to sufficient cause to fire her.
Cook's lawyers suggested an
unintentional clerical error may have
been behind the mortgage dispute at the
center of the clash between her and the
president. Elsewhere, European leaders
have referred Iran to the UN to reup
sanctions against the country after Iran
failed to comply with demands over
international inspections of its nuclear
program. Iran has threatened to leave
the nuclear non-prololiferation treaty
if UN sanctions are resumed. And Jordan
Hudson, the 24 year old girlfriend of
legendary NFL coach Bill Bellichic, 49
years her senior I mightard, has filed a
trademark application for the phrase
gold digger with the stated intention of
using it on jewelry and keychains. The
application also had other Bellichic
related trademarks including Chapel
Bill, the all Bellichic team and the
Bellichic way. Well, Marie, I'm not
saying she's a gold digger. You should
be my brief.
>> Well, here's the thing with this entire
story, Matt. And thank you, Lizzie. How
do you want to copyright Gold Digger
when it's just been used non-stop in
music and in books?
>> Was there recently a song called Gold
Digger?
>> Yes, with Jamie Fox and Kanye West. But
I do say this is capitalism. This is
something people are, you know, saying
to her, this is what you are. And she's
taking a moment opportunistic and
saying, "Actually, I'm going to lean
into it."
>> Hey, and we're in a very transactional
moment right now, right? Considering
this president, um, it doesn't, I think,
surprise many people. I wonder if those
two hang out in Palm Beach a lot.
>> Not sure about that, but we'll see
whether or not she gets that trademark.
All right, up next, setting you up for
the day ahead. Plus, Tyler Kendall is
back as the battle between President
Trump and Fed Governor Lisa Cook heads
to court. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
the for cause protection and the idea
that this establishes a high standard uh
before a president can consider removing
a Fed official is central to our
understanding of how central bank
independence operates in the US. So
there's a lot at stake in this
litigation.
>> That was Krishna Guha of Everore is
markets this morning are just a little
bit softer those futures after PCE came
in bang in line and yesterday of course
the S&P 500 hitting an all-time high.
We're under 40 minutes away from the
cash open. Here is your trading diary
for the week ahead. 10 am Eastern today
we have you Mitch consumer sentiment and
Lisa Cook as well as 10 am heading to
court for an emergency hearing in her
legal battle with the president. Monday
US markets are closed for Labor Day.
Tuesday ISM manufacturing. Wednesday
Jolt data plus the Fed's beige book.
Thursday another round of jobless claims
and of course Friday the allimportant
the big one. We get the August payrolls
report. Turning back though quickly to
the legal fight between Trump and
Governor Lisa Cook. Bloomberg's Tyler
Kendall is outside the courthouse in
Washington and joins us now. Tyler,
what's the latest?
>> Yeah. Hey, Amory. Well, I'm expecting it
to get a lot busier where I am shortly
as this federal judge is expected to
start looking into this case brought by
Fed Governor Lisa Cook against President
Trump over his attempts to oust her from
the Federal Reserve. Now, the first
matter at hand is that Cook has filed
for what's known as a temporary
restraining order, which would reinstate
her while this works its way through the
legal system. But I want to make an
important distinction here, which is
that a temporary restraining order is
just that. It is temporary. And
typically, they only last about 2 weeks.
That would not cover us until the
September FOMC meeting. With that said,
a legal expert tells me that it's up to
the judge's discretion and that they
could actually extend this further. That
doesn't necessarily mean that they're
going to take into account that
policymakers are meeting, but rather it
is more likely that a judge extends a
TTRO until they are able to rule on
what's known as a preliminary injunction
that is more longlasting. That would
institute a reinstate Cook into her
position until this is all done and
dusted and the final court case over her
firing is decided. Uh Mad and Amarie,
I'm taking you through all of these
steps basically just to say that we have
a long road ahead ahead of us, but today
is an important first step,
>> right? And well, I I don't think anyone
doubts that she can get an injunction.
And also, it doesn't really matter if
she votes September 17th because she
leans dovish and would likely vote for a
cut anyway. Um the important thing, I
believe, Tyler, is if she's still there
in February, right? Because the concern
among people who value Fed independence
is that the president is trying to take
over the board of governors so that he
can have a bigger influence on the
regional presidents. And that all uh
happens those confirmations in February.
>> Right. Exactly. And actually, Matt, it
happens once every five years. And it
just so happens that it is happening
this February. And if President Trump is
successful in removing Lisa Cook, then
he would get that majority. Four out of
seven of the federal board of governor
seats would be Trump appointees. Now,
our reporting had indicated earlier this
week, a person familiar saying that the
White House's goal here wouldn't be to
make the FOMC more dovish, but rather to
uh provide more scrutiny on the vetting
process of these regional bank
presidents, which are not Senate
confirmed. But of course, this raises
questions about the pressure campaign
and how potentially this reappoint tool
could be used to pressure uh these
officials when it does come to meeting
time.
>> Tyler, thank you so much. Tyler Kendall,
we looking forward to Tyler's reporting
throughout the day, especially at 10:00.
Matt, thank you so much for joining me.
I knew it was a sleepy Friday when they
said you two could do the show together,
>> when they allowed this to happen. No, it
was a pleasure. And by the way, I will
be on air at 10:00 when this uh when
this comes out. And also when we get
some more economic data
>> Tuesday, John and Lisa will be with you.
I'll actually be on assignment. Jay
Plowski of TPW, Math Hornbach of Morgan
Stanley, Julie Bale of Kanye Anderson,